{"fuygngo": {"text": "My experience goes the other way, nobody catches feelings. We go back to being just friends, just with no benefits. Sometimes its it's because they have gotten exclusive with someone else (I'm always truly happy for them) or the attraction just fizzles out. No drama, thank goodness.", "link_id": "t3_h9qrov", "time": 1592264299}}
{"fuy3gnz": {"text": "I think your approach is pretty sensible - and you nailed the issue about sexual exclusivity happening early on. It's a touchy subject (lol) for me even in the best of circumstances. Exclusivity feels like a big leap to take before you really know someone well. Even before you know them well enough to deduce if they'd lie about exclusivity. Glad to hear that there really are quality relationships making it through the gauntlet of safety precautions.", "link_id": "t3_h9muce", "time": 1592257937}}
{"fuy1m34": {"text": "Thanks. I'm in 100% agreement with your first sentence. Unfortunately, where I am in the USA, we are experiencing our highest number of infections right now and with the Black Lives Matter protests in my city and state (which I fully support), the number of infections will continue to rise for months to come. There's nothing to stop the spread of COVID where I am. Wishing I was in Scandinavia too -- I've had amazing travels there, and the summer is glorious!", "link_id": "t3_h9muce", "time": 1592257088}}
{"fuxvzt7": {"text": "I would strongly recommend that you just block and move on. This isn't a friendship you need to pursue. I don't think you should think of this as something that all men do (women do it too) or why you can't be friends with men that you've dated in the past. But evaluate this on a case by case basis - and this is clearly not a person you need in your life.", "link_id": "t3_h9kzwb", "time": 1592254308}}
{"fuxprtc": {"text": "It sounds like she's not feeling \"Hell Yes\" about you. You deserve enthusiasm from the person that you're dating, and they deserve your enthusiasm. In your shoes, I'd put that out there explicitly. \"I have a rule for myself that I only date people who are excited about dating me as I am about dating them. I'm not getting a sense that you're that enthusiastic about our relationship moving forward. Am I misreading the situation, or should we just wish each other the best and go our separate ways?\"", "link_id": "t3_h9m189", "time": 1592251191}}
{"fut2i5e": {"text": "In my state, you're supposed to follow the parenting plan that's in place. And you don't have any say over what kind of safe practices happen in the other parent's household. I think you're in a tough situation because your ex is asking for a sensible short-term solution to just play out indefinitely. Not dating for a month? Fine. Not seeing your girlfriends for YEARS while we wait for a vaccine? No way.", "link_id": "t3_h8cqzq", "time": 1592148274}}
{"fusyyjf": {"text": "I think this shows exactly why BLM and ending police brutality IS our fight, too. Thanks for sharing this. I sent it to the leadership team for my support group.", "link_id": "t3_h8eq7x", "time": 1592146194}}
{"funillm": {"text": "Without a doubt, your next move is to contact a lawyer and get a custody plan and child support order in place. You kid's dad doesn't get to play games regarding child support - it is owed to the child for their maintenance, period. You can't trade it away and he can't refuse to pay. At that level of income, the amount of child support you receive will be significant too. In my state that would be around $1,500. Which basically covers daycare plus food and diapers. He probably will throw a fit about paying that much child support but keep in mind that it doesn't even begin to cover all the expenses you'll have as the custodial parent of a young kid. That money represents a lot of opportunities for your son, and your son's future is more important than anything his dad wants. Child support is a separate matter from visitation also. It sounds like you have lovely grandparents for your child. I would talk to my lawyer and those loving grandparents about making sure that they have official time and rights in the custody agreement.", "link_id": "t3_h7qj3k", "time": 1592005527}}
{"fumc3kp": {"text": "You didn't say at if this is an ex-wife or that you're in the process of separating. It makes a slight difference, maybe. BUT you have the absolute right to respond to her that she doesn't live there and she doesn't get to criticize your house. Period. The beautiful thing about being split up is that you don't have to deal with this kind of shit from her anymore. You can completely refuse to engage on the subject when she makes a comment. Her anxiety is hers to deal with, not yours to appease. You can set a healthy boundary of \"If you can't keep your thoughts about my house to yourself, then you are not welcome inside, and you can pick up the kids at the curb.\" Check the recording laws in your state. If she starts screaming or being verbally abusive, you can pull out your phone and start recording her. Maybe just go ahead and record everything when she's doing pickups and drop-offs at your house. It couldn't hurt to have that documentation for when you talk to your lawyer and go to court. Don't let her get in your head about the cleaning. What's \"par\" for her, doesn't mean a thing in your house. Kids make messes constantly. 4 people in one house means that messes are made on an hourly basis. If she's been obsessively cleaning before she left, you and the kids all are still adjusting to the new normal and figuring out how to keep up with chores and domestic stuff. And that transition period is totally understandable. Depending on the age of the kids, you can just straight up tell them that they're going to take on more responsibility. There's only 1 adult in the house, and you already work fulltime. It's my experience that my kids have thrived as I've given them more responsibility. They like knowing how to do stuff. And I for sure have a pile of Amazon boxes that need to go into the recycling. I 100% just bribed a kid with a popsicle for getting it all outside and into the binds by himself. He even took out the garbage too without me asking. Win/Win. There was a time that my ex's house was TRULY dirty and gross. And even then, I didn't have much leverage to fix the situation. If you don't have a bug infestation, if your house doesn't smell strongly like pet pee &amp; poop, if they don't have recurring lice issues, if your kids are reasonably clean and wearing reasonably clean clothes, if they have clean sheets and towels to use, etc. then there's not shit she can do about how messy or not your house is.", "link_id": "t3_h7o8js", "time": 1591983650}}
{"fulpgew": {"text": "DBT is a great idea. I've done a number of the exercises, and I get so much out of it when I made the time. If you want to learn new patterns of (healthier) behavior and to have more control over those big emotions, DBT is a wonderful tool to work on those. I've never heard anything but wonderful things about the intensive courses that include group skills and individual counseling.", "link_id": "t3_h78ovg", "time": 1591973832}}
{"fulkn2u": {"text": "I think you should sit down with each kid individually and find out what their feelings are on this subject. Tell them you're there to just listen, and listen without trying to fix it or argue or give advice. Getting everyone into counseling is really smart because then you have some help with figuring out what's bothering the kids. From what you've said here, all of their reasons are probably pretty valid. The fact that he can't seem to treat his 8-year-old with love and compassion is the tip of the iceberg. What did your 12-year old say about his reasons for not going to his Dad's? I think the actually reasons do matter. I think it's worth calling the children's lawyer with the new development and asking for advice and resources. It's not the first time that kids have felt this way and decided to revolt. In the meantime, I think you can calmly and consistently say that visitation isn't up to you, it's up to the court, and the court says that the kids go to their Dad's house on X, Y, and Z days.", "link_id": "t3_h7esg0", "time": 1591971258}}
{"fulhg5f": {"text": "I think what you're actually upset about is that when your daughter's phone has tracking on and your daughter is with you, then by extension your ex-wife is also tracking **you.** I don't think it's actually \"respect for the GF\" issue, but that you feel your privacy is being invaded, and it really bothers you the most when you're with your girlfriend. I would put it as simply as, it's an invasion of my privacy and it's not okay with me, but I understand that you want to know where your daughter is, in case there's a problem. I would offer the compromise of trading the address of your girlfriend for no more arguments about the location tracking and it stays off on your parenting time. That seems like meeting in the middle on this issue.", "link_id": "t3_h7dvoq", "time": 1591969432}}
{"ftqrh1i": {"text": "When I initially read your post, I immediately thought you sounded like a chef or a cook. Not gonna snoop in your post history. But I've dated a chef. Broke, long hours, no benefits, etc. I'm just going to assume that's the case here. We didn't work out long-term, but it wasn't because of his income or job. Being kind matters. Being consistent with your communication. Also, having someone chop shit for me superfast was really nice. And teach me about food stuff I didn't know. Not that you need to basically do your job for somebody on a date, but just don't underestimate how much people will value your skills and knowledge. He also often knew bartenders and other cooks all over town, so we could get service industry priced drinks at bars and free stuff from his cook/chef friends. I got to see inside a different world that I wouldn't otherwise have access to, and it was really cool.", "link_id": "t3_h10hfd", "time": 1591913494}}
{"ftqjhyw": {"text": "Nope. Playing games is a waste of time.", "link_id": "t3_h15w2d", "time": 1591909747}}
{"ftqi8ah": {"text": "I felt weird that other people in my same position are younger than me, but you know what? They don't care, and they're really nice and weird in their own ways.", "link_id": "t3_h0z8gz", "time": 1591909136}}
{"ftqhmpy": {"text": "You're setting good boundaries here - keep it to text and emails, and like another posted responded, make sure to CYA with an email after a verbal agreement. \"As per our conversation on the 11th, I'll be picking kid up at 3pm when school lets out at his school and dropping him off at your house at 6pm on Sunday.\" There's a lot of reason to suspect that your ex has some serious &amp; untreated mental health challenges. That emotional volatility and poor memory could be a lot of things, but your best option is to just keep an eye out for signs of drug use or serious impairment. Just one more reason to keep meticulous track of your communications and anything that seems \"off.\" She can easily refer back to your emails if she's confused about the schedule or what was agreed to. If she disagrees, then she can write it in an email. Therapy is a great idea. A lot of therapists do video appointments now, and many are doing office appointments again. It's good to have a place to vent, and to bounce ideas off of someone neutral. I think friends and family often give us biased advice based on their dislike of our ex (such as \"You'd better wipe out the bank accounts before they do!\"). I have a support group I go to (for mental health) and so I have that opportunity to vent and get useful feedback. Also, anti-anxiety medication REALLY helps me keep it together when there's drama with my ex. Lots less drama these days, thank goodness. It's worth thinking through changing up your custody schedule now that your kid is older and will be going to kindergarten soon. Consider what would be best for you and your kid, and talk to your lawyer about options based on what's been happening. It sounds like you're a thoughtful Dad who's doing a great job, and your kid knows that he's safe with you. Keep showing up and being there, and modeling good emotional regulation.", "link_id": "t3_h12508", "time": 1591908851}}
{"ftpvqvy": {"text": "Depending on the person, those aren't really intimate details. For me, it would be in the context of \"Ugh, I feel cranky AF today. I wish my period would just start already.\" \"I need a cheeseburger, STAT. It's period-time.\" It's just a matter-of-fact type of comment because it's affecting the way I feel, physically or mentally. It would actually be kinda insulting if your female friends or girlfriends never talked about these things you listed around you. It would either mean that they think that you're not trusted enough to be mature about it or that you're too delicate to handle the facts. I used to feel weird mentioning periods around guy friends or boyfriends or whatever, but when you're in the 30+ crowd, you're probably talking to someone who has lived with an adult woman at some point. Periods are a logistical issue to watch out for or take care of for at least 20% of the month. It's something that adds up to HOURS of our lives. Adult dudes have often seen childbirth with their own eyes. I don't think adult humans should be embarrassed about bodily functions or illness. I think most women are pretty chill about dude's issues, too.", "link_id": "t3_h11otl", "time": 1591898322}}
{"ftptm8u": {"text": "I didn't have much of a career even before I was a stay at home mom. I did gigs and projects and favors, rather than had a clearcut career that goes on a resume easily. My degree doesn't have a clear-cut career path. My ex-husband made a ton of money, so it wasn't necessary for me to do a 9 to 5. I had wanted to start work again after my younger kid was born, but that was put on the back burner until we started the divorce process, and it became a top priority. We'd be broke AF without child support. I didn't know what I wanted to do, so I ended up applying to work in a coffee shop because that seemed like fun. It was NOT fun. The schedule wasn't particularly compatible with mom-hours. I had some flexibility in choosing my hours because I was an excellent employee, but the work still sucked, and there was no way to make enough money there to get by. Like everyone there either lived in poverty or was married to someone who made enough money for them to get by. Taking time off for school events, kids getting sick, etc. was nearly impossible since we were always understaffed, and getting someone to take your shift on their only day off wasn't going to happen.Currently, I work for a Fortune 500 corporation, which has good benefits and PTO policies. Good work-life balance. The pay isn't really enough either, but there's upward mobility and I'm hoping I can hustle enough to make up for the lost time in my career. I can a day off when my kids get sick, and it's not the end of the world at work. It's not an exciting job, but my after-hours taking care of my kids requires a lot of energy, and I don't miss the constant dumpster fire of working in a high-pressure environment.", "link_id": "t3_h0z8gz", "time": 1591897300}}
{"ftp0kvd": {"text": "I've learned that I'm tougher than I thought. I've learned to dig deep for that extra patience, for that extra energy, and the ability to believe in the fact the sacrifices I make are worth it in the long run. I don't know if motherhood made me this tough, or if I just wouldn't have found it until I was faced with these challenges. I've learned to keep my shit together in a crisis because I'm the \"adult in charge\" now. It's also made me more gentle - I've learned to watch my words in anger, to get better at apologies, and to slow down and just hug them when they need a hug. Which is pretty much always. People need hugs.", "link_id": "t3_h0rx4q", "time": 1591882793}}
{"ftmriju": {"text": "I've been that friend who couldn't usually get away for social hours. Having a toddler is pretty exhausting. Some kids are easier than others, and some are easier to pass off to the other parent or to a babysitter. If you don't have a supportive spouse, then trading \"nights off\" doesn't happen. If you have a difficult kid, any deviation from a barely-working bedtime routine would mean a really crappy next day. My kids were bad sleepers and my ex wasn't good at little-kid stuff, so it fell disproportionately on me. Hobbies and friendships that were time-intensive and were just lower priority than the sleep that I desperately needed. Now that they're older, I have more time and energy for friends, but still have a smaller social world than I did pre-kids.", "link_id": "t3_h0hm4e", "time": 1591827088}}
{"ftlp4v6": {"text": "Heck yeah you should serve Chinese food at opportunities where food is shared or if you're hosting a party. I'm always super-excited to go to friends' houses where their family serves their traditional homemade foods. When I was a teen, I felt embarrassed when my non-white friends come over to eat something boring like a barely seasoned pot roast. That just doesn't even compare to homemade spring rolls, homemade naan, homemade tortillas. I think sharing food is one of those easy ways to connect with people; sharing food leads to sharing lots of other things. Your kid will eventually come around and see that her friends like her for her, and she doesn't need to be \"more white\" to fit in.", "link_id": "t3_h015k3", "time": 1591809098}}
{"ftlhk98": {"text": "Totally this. Paranoid thoughts are not something to just accept -- it's a serious symptom and should be addressed. Seeing your doctor so you can adjust meds to deal with your current circumstances and symptoms is a good thing. Try to cut out caffeine and other stimulants in the short-term, make sure you're taking your anxiety meds if you've got them. But you need a meds tune-up to help with the paranoia.", "link_id": "t3_h027hs", "time": 1591805077}}
{"ftleoz1": {"text": "I help coordinate a local support group. We're not affiliated with one of the national organizations. I'd recommend looking on Meetup and just searching for bipolar. I love these subreddits, but there's something really special about belonging to a group that knows you and you know them.I started going to my when I was manic and trying to get in to see my first pdoc. It was so helpful as I was first getting stable, and now it's a big part of what keeps me stable. I've met a ton of other bipolar folks and learned a lot from them. The routine of attending every week and the community we've built are so important to me. These days, I also have the opportunity to help others as part of that organization. I've made really important, deep friendships through the group, and there's nothing like a bipolar BFF to call you on your shit. Or give you your own \\[excellent\\] advice back to you. I think it's important to have support outside of social media. In my experience, your average stable bipolar person doesn't spend a lot of time in subs like these; they're just out there living their best lives, and concentrating their energies elsewhere. I think we often get a lot of threads where folks are hurting and unstable, which can make the overall picture of \"what it means to be bipolar\" look more negative than it really is. I try to pop in here when I have the energy to give a sunnier perspective and hopefully helpful feedback. My most stable bipolar buddies also tend to cycle out of the support group, which I think is actually a positive thing. We're always there to fall back on when times get tough and they're struggling with stability.", "link_id": "t3_h0amve", "time": 1591803626}}
{"ftl85hc": {"text": "100000% this comment. I am definitely a better person due to my journey getting stable. One thing that I've gotten good at is apologizing. Which maybe seems trivial, but it's actually really important. So many people get stuck in their own ego or are too stubborn to acknowledge that they screwed up. I've learned to be humble and admit my mistakes ASAP, authentically apologize for them, and genuinely try to do better. I've learned that taking responsibility for the hurts you've caused and the mistakes you've made is one of the most powerful things you can do to repair and strengthen a relationship.", "link_id": "t3_h0amaf", "time": 1591799811}}
{"ftl2id6": {"text": "Unless you're a rapid cycler, I'd give it a day or two unless you're experiencing symptoms of psychosis. In that day or two, you pull out ALL the stops to get the mood swing back under control. You use the PRN meds you have, you stay away from drugs and alcohol (even if you think they help), you practice good hygiene, you prioritize sleep, you do meditation, mindfulness, avoid your manic-triggers, and stay away from any extreme behavior. If you're too manic to do those things, you need to call your doctor. Make sure that you have a trusted person who knows what's up, and knows how to call for help, and which hospital to take you to if you don't come back down. Being a rapid cycler is slightly different. But I'm guessing you're not by the way you mentioned 6 hours. How many hours did you sleep last night and the night before that? How do you know you're \"definitely manic\"? Those things can be the deciding factor on whether or not you're already sick enough to call the doctor.", "link_id": "t3_h09f8i", "time": 1591796828}}
{"ftk5hhm": {"text": "I see that you're getting some pushback here, but my age range is small too. -3/+3 years. It's significant to me, and I'm not compromising on being in the same place in life. It hasn't been my experience that men younger than me have their lives in a place to be compatible with mine. And I'm put off by guys dating significantly below their own age. I'm not picky across the board, though. I'm happy to date all those dudes shorter than 5'10\".", "link_id": "t3_h01mgz", "time": 1591769308}}
{"ftiyabz": {"text": "Its definitely something you'll need ongoing support for, so a therapist is a really good idea. Coparenting takes cooperation, and that's pretty tough with certain people who create drama.  I recommend having a good lawyer to help you draft a detailed custody plan, and/or to advise you on what to do when your ex goes against that plan. Being steady, boring, and predictable is important. Good emotional control and good boundaries are important for coparenting, especially with a difficult ex. Are you dealing with a specific issue?", "link_id": "t3_gz6aoi", "time": 1591742622}}
{"ftijieo": {"text": "That's the hallmark of hypomania. It's a series of obsessions. We've got some other good threads about it recently. You're not alone.", "link_id": "t3_gzm5th", "time": 1591735229}}
{"ftij9rk": {"text": "Good luck on your journey. Rooting for you.", "link_id": "t3_gyx79t", "time": 1591735113}}
{"ftij6jt": {"text": "It's fine to breakup with someone because they show poor judgement.", "link_id": "t3_gzmqrt", "time": 1591735072}}
{"fthilb5": {"text": "My support group switched to online meeting while COVID is a thing. I miss our in person meetings, but online is better than nothing. I know NAMI is doing online groups now also. I believe NAMI offers a lot of \"loved one groups\" though, which could be a good source of support for your spouse.", "link_id": "t3_gyx79t", "time": 1591717706}}
{"fthhyws": {"text": "I'd go with the approach of, \"It's been a long time that we've had out current child custody agreement, which has been fine up to now, but I think it would be a good idea to get something more specific now that our kid is older and our lives have changed. Would you be willing to sit down with a mediator so we can work on a new agreement that works for everybody?\" If pressed on why a mediato specialist is necessary, I would point to the fact that you need to draft a more detailed agreement and it would be beneficial to have expert advice to make sure you guys have taken care of the most common issues. Your current situation is a perfect example, you guys disagree but there's no clear process for how a final decision is made. For what its worth, I think your kid is old enough to have some input into what she would like, although not the final say, of course. I've got an 8 year old, and if my ex and I have a situation with two mutally acceptable solutions, we let him decide. For example - would you rather go back to mom's house as planned, but she's not feeling well and will need to rest OR do you want to stay at dad's house where your little brother will be until mom feels better? Kids deserve and need some control over their lives, in my opinion. I may not agree, but I'll hear my kid out and try to understand his viewpoint.", "link_id": "t3_gzkoo6", "time": 1591717404}}
{"fth3697": {"text": "I'm with your kid, 4/4 would be my preference too. I'm betting that to her it feels like being away from *home* for a week at a time. Rather than switching between homes. And I think your ex is about to file for a modification order to change custody and/or child support.", "link_id": "t3_gzkoo6", "time": 1591709605}}
{"fth2c8i": {"text": "Good luck dude. You have rights here, even if shes acting like you don't.", "link_id": "t3_gz41or", "time": 1591709106}}
{"fteh9b9": {"text": "You might be aromantic. That's a thing, and it might explain some of how you're feeling. Like everything else on the planet, there's a subreddit for that. It doesn't explain the \"no man has respected me or my feelings\" part. Not even male friends? Coworkers? That seems like something to mindfully work on, possibly with a therapist's help. Men aren't a monolithic group.", "link_id": "t3_gyyhit", "time": 1591645932}}
{"fteg5zl": {"text": "He's not a good sex partner - not because of the ED, but because his reaction to the situation was to blame you. There's lots of stuff that can be done about ED, but I don't think his case of I'm-an-Asshole is fixable. This is a dealbreaker -- you deserve better than someone lashing out in a vulnerable, intimate moment because things aren't going perfectly.", "link_id": "t3_gz0d76", "time": 1591645400}}
{"fteel3n": {"text": "Yeah - my state has a list of things that you're not allowed to prevent the child from doing, like calling the other parent, displaying sentimental items of the other parent, etc. It may be against the rules, but it might not be something you can enforce at this time. Ultimately his behavior will come back and bite him in the ass. The kids will lose respect for him. It sounds like they already are seeing through his BS. Kids are able pick up on a lot of this stuff, especially when it comes to fairness. They already know it's not fair. I'd be honest about the fact that dad gets to make the rules for dad's house, and mom gets to make the rules for mom's house.", "link_id": "t3_gyovip", "time": 1591644627}}
{"ftebnpu": {"text": "I'm outraged on your behalf, and I'm not prone to outrage, but jeez this is a cluster of bad decisions on her part. First of all, kids that are 9 and 6 have zero context for choosing what school to go to, so the fact that she think's that a point in her favor is ridiculous. The fact that told the kids all of this is happening before talking it over with you IS a giant violation of co-parenting. Moving a kid with special needs to a new school and a new special ed team is a HUGE deal, as you're fully aware, and it sounds like she's completely rushed into this new school situation. Between COVID and school being out, I bet she hasn't even met with the school yet. Moving in with a new boyfriend this fast is such a giant red flag, too. Ugh. She sounds kinda unhinged. Do you think you could contact an ex in-law and express your concerns? Maybe run it past some mutual friends? Buying a house together with someone you've dated for 4 months is financial insanity. This whole new life she's planning after 4 months is just nuts. Kudos to you for not telling her you don't give a crap what a \"good guy\" this new boyfriend is, it's early to have even introduced him to the kids, much less try to combine households. Other than their desire to live together, nothing is pressing this move other than her desire to go do it. \"Feels right\" is total bullshit. Also turning the whole thing into an argument about how you don't want what's best for the children is also BS. You're not going crazy, this is a huge deal. I'd call your lawyer ASAP and see what your options are here. You already have a court order that could be enforced. That's what they're there for, after all. You have the shared right to decide where the kids go to school, and she's trying to make a unilateral (and illogical) decision. It seems like she would be the one to prove that they should move to a new school vs. you having to prove why they shouldn't be moved. Mediation might work, but it sounds like she's not in the mood to compromise since she's trying to strongarm you already. I would stand my ground on the school, even if you can't prevent her from moving.", "link_id": "t3_gz41or", "time": 1591643179}}
{"fte5mj7": {"text": "I know it's a symptom of bipolar. Wanting to go off my meds is a warning sign, not a logical thought process. Bipolar is a chronic condition, and when I'm thinking about going off my meds is when I actually need them the most.", "link_id": "t3_gyst4a", "time": 1591640204}}
{"fte50qo": {"text": "Knowing and accepting that you have bipolar is so much better than the alternative -- suffering the effects and not knowing what's happening. Staying unmedicated is the worst option. Life with meds is great for me. Mania and depression both fucked up my life in different ways. I've struggled with depression since I was a kid. What a relief to not be depressed! For the first time in my life I have the ability and knowledge to \"fight back\" and have control over my ups and downs, not just riding it out. The first few meds you try may not be the right ones, but it's better to *try* than to stay stuck in that unmedicated cycle. Life still is bumpy, and I have ups and downs, and have to manage my disorder. It can be kinda traumatic when you start going through your past with the lens of what's my bipolar symptoms vs what's my actual personality. Some things make a lot more sense when you can go, \"Ohhhhhh shit, yeah, that was definitely some hypomanic behavior.\" I strongly recommend finding a support group and/or a therapist for that first year of getting stable. And a support group for your spouse. Being married to an unmedicated bipolar person has it's own trauma.", "link_id": "t3_gyx79t", "time": 1591639907}}
{"ftdud7q": {"text": "The way I'd enter it would depend on how I \"feel\" about that money. Is it a refund to a specific category vs. is it a windfall? Like, if I return a pair of shoes, I'd refund that money to the clothing category. If I get a deposit back and I'm not about to spend it on a deposit for a different apartment, then I'd probably put it in TBB and send those funds to the emergency fund or to the slush fund.", "link_id": "t3_gyulgk", "time": 1591634651}}
{"ftdozg3": {"text": "Sounds like you just need a modification to your court order that says the residence at XYZ is acceptable. Is it? Dating for 5 months is pretty new. Most normal people (IMO) wouldn't even introduce the SO to the kid at that point. Taking the issue to court probably wouldn't look that good on her. Why do you think she would win if it's against your current court order?", "link_id": "t3_gz12vh", "time": 1591631963}}
{"ftdmc9z": {"text": "I think that switching off at a different place might help, and doing it in a way that it's SUPER exciting to a toddler. Like if this was my kiddo right now - we would meet in the parking lot of the donut shop, and then he'd get to go inside with me and pick out a donut with sprinkles. A $0.70 bribe can go a long way. That association of starting Dad-time with something awesome can really help. A giant box to color and turn into a playhouse. A wrapped dollar store toy. A flashlight. A large trashbag filled with already-inflated balloons. At that age, my toddler son had a really hard time moving from house to house. He was worried that the not-present parent didn't love him and that he'd never see them again. So we started a mantra that we repeated often. \"Mama loves you all the time,\" we say together. Then I'd ask him back (call and response style) - \"When does mama love you?\" \"All the time.\" At mommy's house - All the time. At daddy's house - all the time. At daycare? All the time. Lots of repetition. My older son had trouble with separation, too. We would talk about how there's an invisible string between our hearts, and sometimes the string was really long, and sometimes it was really short. I'd have him tell me what color the string was today, was it sparkly, was it loopy and squiggly, etc. etc. My younger son grasped the schedule as a pattern at age 4. His schedule is basically 4 with mom, 3 with dad. And so we repeat that together 4-3-4-3-4-3. My older son likes a color-coded calendar. Over the years we do different things to help the kids feel secure and loved, no matter what house they're at. I think having rituals for transitions is super-helpful. Also, hang in there with the energy-level and engagement thing. Everybody has different ages that they enjoy and really connect with, and ages that they don't. It doesn't make you a bad parent to admit it. Toddlerhood is by far my least favorite stage, and I have a hard time with that phase's playing style, toys, things they find funny, etc. It's all feels tedious and I don't have that vibe/energy. You may find that it's easier for you to connect during playtime once your kiddo is in the next phase, and have the energy for that type of play.", "link_id": "t3_gyl8c3", "time": 1591630625}}
{"ftdj98b": {"text": "You might want/need to change the week on/week off schedule for a different one. Or plan for a transition period so there isn't that long stretch. I hate not having them for 2 weeks, too.I think a good starting point is having a conversation of \"It's important to me that....\". And then you guys take turns sharing what's really important to you about the schedule or situation. Literally in that format. What's important to him might surprise you, and a compromise is often obvious after hearing each other out. The longer my ex and I are apart, the harder it is for me to guess what's actually important to him now. I could have predicted with 100% accuracy back when we were married, but I find its really helpful to explicitly ask.It's important to me that .... there aren't long stretches of not seeing the kids. that we have time to train the puppy as a family. that I have the opportunity for quality time with the kids individually. Etc. It doesn't seem like that's in conflict with \"that my parenting time lines up with my girlfriend's parenting time so that we're not constantly in kid-mode.\" I bet you guys can come to a solid win/win, especially since you already have a good co-parenting relationship.", "link_id": "t3_gz0w3e", "time": 1591629030}}
{"ftdiahg": {"text": "I think you gotta back your kids, rather than encourage a relationship that is sure to continue to be toxic. My dad was(is) a narcissistic asshole my entire childhood and into adulthood. I'm sure he still is, wherever he is. I wish my mom had backed me up and told me that it's okay to not want to be around my father. In trying to prevent parental alienation, she encouraged me to maintain a relationship with my dad. The effect of that was to encourage me to stay in touch with my abuser (and her abuser). I was told that my feelings we not valid, that my experiences of abuse didn't matter, and my desire to keep myself safe didn't matter - because he was my father. I bet that sounds familiar to you, as a battered spouse. I eventually realized that my father was a vicious snake we kept as a pet. He could pretend to be a loving and nice pet, but eventually, he was going to strike again. Because his true nature is vicious. I was about 20 when I swore I would never forget he was a snake. It wasn't until I was 30 that I had been bitten enough times to say never again. I think about your daughter is 10, and how much I wanted a father when I was 10. But having a father was never an option - all I had was a snake. Narcissists know what good and loving behaviors are because they choose it when it suits their purposes. They can pretend to be a loving parent, but they can't actually BE a loving parent. I think that trying to convince your kids otherwise is harmful. They don't have a Dad, they have a vicious snake in the shape of a father. You'd literally be putting them in harm's way. You have NO reason whatsoever to believe that your ex will not be abusive again. (I mean no offense to actual pet snake owners. I know that not all literal snakes are vicious assholes, and some are really cute and can be tame and sweet. And the snake-bread meme is awesome.)", "link_id": "t3_gyq2qy", "time": 1591628519}}
{"ftd8qu9": {"text": "I was waiting for this. I knew other parents would be on this.  There's an episode where a cat is stuck in a tree and they call the fire department. UNDER-FUCKING-WATER. Swim to the cat and why does the underwater FIRE department exist? I've done my best to ban this one. Also why do the dogs in Paw Patrol have collars? They talk and drive vehicles. Who needs to see their dog tag? Just ask the sentient dog who can fly a helicopter. Jeez.", "link_id": "t3_gyov00", "time": 1591623123}}
{"ft9voyf": {"text": "You make a good point re: begging vs. signaling. Under these limited circumstances, I interpret it as a signal. It's not acceptable to ask for a cheeseburger, but telling me the water jug is empty works for me. She doesn't get to demand a walk, but I need her to signal that she needs the backdoor open to go pee since she's got kidney issues. Needs vs. wants, I guess. 97% of her signals are water, food, and pee.", "link_id": "t3_gxxiya", "time": 1591542831}}
{"ft7zrgx": {"text": "I think that it's helpful to sit down over a glass of wine and talk about the big picture stuff. Budgeting was scary to me at first because it requires a big picture perspective AND a day-to-day mindfulness perspective. It's crucial that your budget reflects your goals and your values. So sit down with your spouse (wine optional). What's important to you? What do you hope for? What are your values? You might be surprised by what's changed for your partner, especially in the light of losing a job, and enduring the uncertainly of the pandemic. Maybe pick like 3 or 4 things that define who you are and where you're headed. It's also good to talk about the little things that mean a lot to you. For my family, that's making sure we have instruments for everybody and money for lessons. For me, that's having money so I can make the backyard my little oasis of peace. It's not blinking twice when I find out I have a vet bill of $500, because I have that already set aside for just this instance. Your goals don't have to be run past anybody else to vote on, just you guys - maybe you want to host BBQs once a month with plenty of beer for all your friends. If it's important to you, make sure that it is written into your budget.Once you've gotten down the important life stuff, you can work backward into making a budget. If your values are XYZ, then what long-term financial goals get you there? If feeling secure even if there's a 3-month gap in employment, then what's the emergency fund amount for that to happen? If taking adventures as a family to a national park each summer is an important family goal - that's a budget item that gets saved for monthly. If making sure your kid has a college fund that'll cover \\~50% of college expenses, you can work backward into figuring out that budget category. This is the point where the big-picture thinker will probably get bored, and then you'll probably end up finishing up the budget yourself. But getting that initial buy-in is so important before you start working on the nitty gritty. I think once you have your short-term goals and long-term goals really solid in your head, it's easy to filter your spending through the lens of - \"Does this get us closer to our goals?\" When your budget is a map towards your goals, it makes budgeting into a totally different activity. It's not a thing you HAVE to do, it's a thing you WANT to do.", "link_id": "t3_gxnua8", "time": 1591490902}}
{"ft75qba": {"text": "I found mine on Meetup. I was looking for something bipolar specific, and not just the more general NAMI meetings I was aware of. That idea of BD 1 being 'worse' than 2 is toxic. Fuck those people. That hurts everybody.", "link_id": "t3_gwx200", "time": 1591481438}}
{"ft69y1v": {"text": "I'm sorry you're in such an awful situation. She's clearly making poor decisions and has been seduced by mania again. I don't think there's anything you can say to someone who's psychotic that's going to get through to her the way that you'd like. If her past experiences aren't enough to convince her that she needs to stay stable, it's not your fault for not being able to find the right words. You can try to lay it out that her choices are medication or hospitalization, and that there's not another option.", "link_id": "t3_gxtyyq", "time": 1591472890}}
{"ft685od": {"text": "Yeah - it's her love language. If she licks your ear, she REALLY loves you. You have to be pretty special for an ear lick.", "link_id": "t3_gxpr2p", "time": 1591472437}}
{"ft5wxvi": {"text": "Good for you! You're so right that actions speak louder than words. I'm at a place where \"lack of enthusiasm to date me\" is a dealbreaker. It's fucking sad that it took me so long to realize that that is actually a pretty low bar. But jeez, better to be alone than with someone who isn't that excited to see you or be with you. Or who leaves you wondering if they even like you. And if I'm not feeling that level of enthusiasm for someone else, then I'm going to politely say so, and wish them luck. No more \"meh\" 2nd dates because I didn't listen to my gut on the 1st one.", "link_id": "t3_gxsw5l", "time": 1591469505}}
{"ft5uiv8": {"text": "Do you have a lawyer to help you with the mediation? Some folks are able to write it into their parenting plan that there's a certain waiting period before the child meets a new significant other, or that there's a non-relative adult sleeping in the house. Having a court order ASAP works in your favor as the Dad/non-custodial parent. You don't want your access to your child to be at the whims of an ex. Especially one with poor judgment.It's important to try to separate your feelings about the breakup from your determination to do what's best for your child. You have a right to be angry with her, BUT it's not going to help you be a better parent. Easier said than done, of course. If it were me, I'd be asking my lawyer what I can possibly to do keep my child safe from his mother's choice in boyfriends, and what legal safeguards can be put into place. Like, is it possible to run background checks on them? All of that depends on your location, so that's lawyer territory. I'd be careful about following any custody advice that doesn't come straight from a legal source from your specific location. You can't just decide to take your kid away from her and peace out to your parents' house; in many places that would be considered a crime, and could make you look bad in court.", "link_id": "t3_gx56no", "time": 1591468854}}
{"ft5pm4y": {"text": "You need a modification to your custody order, or it might already be written in there what happens when 1 parent moves more than a certain distance away. Unless the custody order stipulates that you travel and pay for those expenses, then you don't have to. It'll stipulate the location where the children are exchanged also. What's written into our order is that if parent B moves more than 100 miles away, they can choose to have the usual alternating weekend schedule, or move it to 1 weekend of their choice per month. It also stipulates where the children are to be exchanged. He has the right to move, but he doesn't have the right to make you pay for things that are outside of your court order. You also don't have the right to make him pay for things that are outside of the court order either. Which is why you REALLY need a court order for this kind of thing. Not to mention that child support may be affected by his morning and the change in the custody schedule. Lawyer time.", "link_id": "t3_gxmgr8", "time": 1591467308}}
{"ft5nxib": {"text": "This is the way to go. He REALLY needs a court order to spell out exactly what his visitation is with his son, and how parenting rights are split up between the parents. Supervised visitation generally has a reason behind it - drug use, abuse, etc. That's not a default custody situation and shouldn't just be accepted unless mandated by a judge. If his ex is dragging her feet with the mediation, he needs to push the issue or just file something with the court outside of mediation. A lawyer may be able to reassure him that he has rights as the father and that she doesn't get to micromanage the time he spends with his child. Therapy might be needed to help him develop the tools to deal with such a controlling and abusive ex-spouse. In this situation, dragging her feet with mediation lets her stay in charge and \"punish\" him with supervised visitation and preventing him from doing a lot of the fun, normal parenting stuff. Like mornings where everybody stays in their PJs and watches cartoons, etc. Taking a camping trip or mini-vacation. Note - I do agree with another responded here who mentioned that there might be a reason for the schedule, such as breastfeeding, maybe the child has special needs, or there's some other logistical issue. I still think that the rights of the father outweigh the inconvenience to the mother, so long as it's not damaging to the child. I don't think that a few bumpy months of learning to sleep at Dad's house counts as damage to the child, though. Kids are adaptable.", "link_id": "t3_gxree8", "time": 1591466676}}
{"ft53y24": {"text": "Different doctors will interpret your symptoms in different ways, but that's a very pronounced \"up\". Psychosis isn't a light switch, even though you'll hear the term psychotic break. It's actually more of a slide. Hearing voices is a flag. I'm glad it didnt seem to progress farther than that. Bipolar II has a different cycle to it. I was bipolar II from puberty until my early 30s (pre-diagnosis). Heres my nutshell version, although everyone is different. You spend long periods depressed. It feels like you finally come up for air and you actually feel like yourself. It's been months in the dark, and then you get extra-energized and ready to put your life back together. It feels great to finally have energy again and dreams and goals. You feel like the best version of yourself possible. You start 24 projects, have social energy to spare, its party time! And then the energy slips away, and you're back to depression. The projects go into a box in the garage, and you're back to square 1.", "link_id": "t3_gx0ftd", "time": 1591460123}}
{"ft0jy47": {"text": "I feel like looking at Kanye is like a Rorschach test of bipolar. It sure seems like he's got his first big manic episode and will be diagnosed bipolar I. The question is where should he do his inpatient treatment to stabilize and recover. That's what I would focus on in your shoes. Where's the best facility in your area? If he continues not sleeping and keeps losing touch with reality, it's outside your ability to handle him at home.", "link_id": "t3_gxai62", "time": 1591392089}}
{"ft0itop": {"text": "I'm not saying you definitely have bipolar BUT that's pretty much textbook bipolar type I, and it doesn't go away if you ignore it. I think I've literally done all of those things while manic, although we could argue about what qualifies as \"really depraved.\" It took me going through a VERY wild \\~6 months for me to accept that I couldn't keep living like that. I've been in your shoes and have been the person looking at a list of bipolar symptoms and wondering if I'm making things up. But these aren't experiences common to all people. Hypersexuality, no sleep, extra energy, nonstop talking, thinking you're hot shit, obsessions, maybe hearing/seeing things, no verbal or behavior filter, using/abusing substances.... that's mania. Textbook mania. And if you've been manic, then you're bipolar.It sounds like you really don't want to see a doctor yet. How about going to a support group for bipolar people and seeing what's out there? You're not as alone as you think. I think what was the most comforting thing about my support group was telling them about my \"worst\" symptoms, and seeing everyone nodding their heads in recognition. No judgment. I was such a relief to meet cool people who had what I had and were living just normal lives. I'm friends with a ton of bipolar people now. Knowing your diagnosis is 100000000x better than living in denial or uncertainty.", "link_id": "t3_gx0ftd", "time": 1591391525}}
{"fszpnny": {"text": "Oh, so why are you posting in the bipolar subreddit if neither of you has bipolar?", "link_id": "t3_gx4pee", "time": 1591377437}}
{"fsziyej": {"text": "How about I play Devil's Advocate for some of the usual complaints about psychiatrists?1) My doctor doesn't like me or listen to me -- I think I often hear people complain about their doctor because they're not being told exactly what they want to hear. It's totally human and understandable, and when we're in a bad place mentally, we take that feeling and voice it as anger at our doc. We often don't want to hear that we need meds, that we need to sleep, that we need to stop drinking entirely, that we're engaging in risky behaviors, etc. 2) My doctor diagnosed me too quickly. -- I can see why people get annoyed when they feel like they're being diagnosed too quickly. Sometimes the doctor IS too hasty or is uninformed about specific mental illnesses. On the other hand, bipolar behaviors aren't THAT mysterious when you see them over and over and over. I'm in a support group and have met many people with bipolar. I'm pretty good at clocking people's diagnosis and if they're in a mood episode (before they confirm it), and I'm just above-average insightful with good research skills, but I'm no trained professional. We talk a certain way, we behave in very typical ways, we complain about the same things, we cope the same ways, etc. We are individuals, but bipolar patterns are pretty recognizable. (FWIW: I don't trust a primary care physician to manage mental illness; mine was completely out of her depth when I came to her and told her I was manic. She gave me gabapentin, told me not to do any cocaine, and to see a psychiatrist (with a 6 week waitlist), and sent me on my way. I wish I was exaggerating. Thank goodness I found a kick-ass support group.)3) Doctors don't listen about side-effects and how I feel about my meds. (I do believe this happens a lot, but for the sake of argument...) -- Many people don't have a realistic idea of what medication is supposed to do for them and why they're being prescribed a certain drug. When we are ill, we usually don't see our own behavior objectively. For example, if you're having trouble sleeping more than 5 hours a night, are overstimulated, experiencing serious hypersexuality, and it seems like you're heading from hypomania to mania, and so you might get prescribed Seroquel from your pdoc. To help you slow down and to help regulate/force a sleep schedule, and keep things from escalating further. And to \\*you\\*, when you start taking the Seroquel, you may feel overly sedated and like a zombie, and you miss how fast you were thinking and how energetic you were feeling before. Totally understandable for you to not enjoy the slowdown/dulling that Seroquel is going to do, BUT who's to say that it's the wrong drug in this situation? The person enjoying their manic meltdown isn't a reliable judge of the effects and side-effects of the medication. Reading doctor reviews is a lot like reading hotel reviews on Travelocity. Some of them are accurate and written by people in their right mind with reasonable expectations, but the most dramatic ones are written by people who are completely bonkers and have lost touch with what's reasonable and expected. The people who have \"just fine\" experiences generally don't feel the need to review their hotel.", "link_id": "t3_gwx200", "time": 1591374245}}
{"fszcd11": {"text": "Not treating bipolar has really terrible consequences. Untreated bipolar gets more severe over time. One consequence of having bipolar is that certain careers and lifestyles are in conflict with stability. This is true whether you get an accurate diagnosis or not.I think a career is something that does have a lot of repercussions if you have bipolar. You probably shouldn't work swing shifts or night shifts because sleep disruption is a huge trigger for instability. Routine is important. Many people with bipolar struggle with substance abuse issues; you'll want to stay away from jobs where hard-partying and substance use/abuse is really common. Like, I wouldn't recommend working in restaurants or as a bartender. Having reliable healthcare and benefits is a HUGE benefit. You're better off in a big corporation that has FMLA and good HR policies vs. the service industry where you can be fully manic &amp; psychotic and they're still wanting you to come in and work or find someone to cover your shift. There are certain jobs that are safety-related that are not compatible with serious mental illness - like being an airline pilot or air traffic controller. These are stressful, often have weird schedules, and you are putting hundreds of other people at major risk if you're having an off day. An off day will ruin your career forever. I'd put surgeon and anesthesiologist in that category, and many other healthcare-related jobs.Do you want to post a list of your symptoms here? I'm sure we can at least provide some feedback about what's clinically significant vs. not. Comments from people in your life are also helpful, since they can provide a good picture of what behaviors come and go.Edited to add: If you ARE bipolar, it's a really bad idea to have a gun in the house. 20% of people with bipolar die from death by suicide. The last thing you need is easy access to lethal means. It's your constitutional right, but it doesn't make it a good idea.", "link_id": "t3_gx0ftd", "time": 1591371078}}
{"fszad87": {"text": "I dissociate a lot when I'm manic/hypomanic. I tend to get manic/hypomanic when I'm under a lot of stress. Stress --&gt; Dissociation. I've got huge gaps of time where I can't pull up anything specific at all.Just as a related note to bipolar memory issues, is that trauma and disassociation can also go hand in hand with other memory issues. I know a lot of bipolar folks also have childhood trauma or PTSD. I think the trauma makes the bipolar more likely to surface. Nature + Nurture, you know? I realized I had a bad memory for events about age 7. I don't remember the events, but I remember I very deeply hurt my best friend's feelings when I wouldn't remember something important we had done together. Sometimes I can dredge up the general idea or feeling of what happened. Or people will be recounting an event I was there for and tell me that I said or did something memorable, and the best I can come up with is \"That sounds like something I would have said.\" Sometimes they'll jog my memory, and I'll get back a piece of it. It kinda feels like I only have the rough outline of my life. Like the people close to me know my history better than I do. At some point early on, my brain learned that it's better to not store too many personal memories. It makes me kinda sad, but I also know that it didn't store a bunch of the shitty things that happened either. I heard the phrase, \"If you have a bad memory, you don't have bad memories.\"", "link_id": "t3_gx11i5", "time": 1591370098}}
{"fsz49lr": {"text": "It's not a bad thing to have a different therapist &amp; person who prescribes your meds. I'm sure this varies from country to country, but in my area, there are VERY few therapists who can prescribe meds. Or I should say people who can prescribe meds who have any interest in providing therapy.I feel like they're totally different skillsets. People who want to help people through therapy don't go to medical school, they go get their PhD or MSW instead. I \\*do\\* think you need a specialist to prescribe your bipola meds and not a primary care person. I know of some mental health clinics that have both pdocs and therapists on staff, however.", "link_id": "t3_gx4f2h", "time": 1591367002}}
{"fsz2bpb": {"text": "It can be really tough on friends and family to hang on while we go on our ups and downs. I think it's especially tough when those friends and family have complicated lives of their own to manage. You didn't get specific about how she's not feeling well, but if she's setting healthy boundaries for herself, you have to respect that. If you keep up with contacting her when she doesn't want contact, that's disrespectful and not being a good friend to her. It's worth thinking about the pattern that people in your life may be distancing themselves and why they might be doing that. Has your behavior been objectionable or dangerous to others? If you've been manic or abusing substances, that's going to drive people away. They may need to protect themselves from someone who is out of control. We are not owed 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th chances just because we have bipolar. Our actions, even when we're sick, can hurt others deeply and that doesn't go away as quickly as our mood episode changes. We lose their trust because we've shown that sometimes we're not trustworthy. My best friend and I got in a fight and had to take a break for about a year. We needed that time to get our shit together, and to learn to lean on each other a little less. We're best friends again now, but we really needed that time to get stronger as individuals. I had to get my bipolar under better control because I'm an asshat when I'm manic/hypomanic. She had her own mental health challenges and some difficult life events that she needed to work through on her own. When we're sick, we put so much pressure on the other people in our lives to be strong for us, but that's a HUGE think to ask/demand of someone else. Even a BFF, fiancee, spouse, parent, or sibling.", "link_id": "t3_gx4pee", "time": 1591365970}}
{"fsvu4wf": {"text": "I like to give it the context that millions of people have to be on medication to survive, feel okay, etc. Diabetics, people with thyroid issues, people with ADHD, transfolk who take hormones, people with anxiety disorders, people with high blood pressure, people with organ transplants, and a ton more conditions that I can't think up right now. I bet you're not judgemental at all that all these people in the world take meds. There's no reason to feel bad or hopeless about the fact that you're just like millions of other people. You take antibiotics when you're sick, right? It would be silly to be upset about being dependent on antibiotics to feel better. There's just more stigma about mental health issues. I do think it's a little lonelier as a young person since a lot of people simply don't get diagnosed with their chronic issues until a little later in life. My kid needs to be on psychiatric meds, at least for now, and we've had this same discussion. Taking meds isn't \"the easy way out\", it's just logical. There are no special awards in life or designations in Heaven for people who suffer through life without medication.There's a great book called \"Take Charge of Bipolar Disorder\" by Julie Fast. Love her writing. She talks about managing BD with 4 things: 1) meds &amp; supplements, 2) behavioral changes, 3) lifestyle changes, 4) Asking for help from your team. In your situation, by all means, work hard on #2, 3, and 4 so as to get a really solid foundation for stability with lifestyle, knowing your triggers and how to manage them, getting the skills you need from therapy. Once you're solid, maybe you revisit the meds situation to adjust to your current situation. I'm of the opinion that it's almost impossible to work on 2, 3, and 4 without some level of stability from meds and supplements.", "link_id": "t3_gwfjff", "time": 1591293720}}
{"fsvqxsi": {"text": "My ex got engaged before we even officially divorced. His fiance is great, though - loves my kids, and clearly does a lot of the parenting work over there. One thing that we did together that turned out great was having a brunch with just us adults, where I basically had the opportunity to tell her \"Welcome to the Parenting Team.\" It was really good to get the chance to get to know her, and just get over the weirdness factor of the whole situation. I was able to make it clear that I am in no way jealous of their relationship and wasn't going to interfere or resent the fact that they're together. We're not best friends, but I appreciate her and am glad that she's in my kids' lives. And her parents are super-sweet to my kids too. I think viewing co-parenting as a team sport has been really helpful. And there's nothing like COVID to shine a light on how important that \"we're all in this together\" mentality is. We've been trading off the kids on a different schedule so that all of us adults have the ability to get our work done and stay sane when there's no school or daycare to rely on. I think I'd approach your situation with a similar mindset. There are going to be things that come up (like the birth of their kid) when having you as a backup/emergency childcare option would be a major relief. The fact that the boys are best buddies is freaking adorable and awesome. (My bro and stepbro were really tight, too. Played team sports together in high school, etc.) I think that showing them that you're happy for them, and also giving your kids the signal that it's good for them to be excited about the new baby, the engagement, etc. would be one of the most positive things you could do to show goodwill. Maybe you could take your kids out to buy a baby gift or something for their new sibling? And you could send a heartfelt note with your contact info. That gives you guys an opening to have a follow-up conversation/text exchange and a way to show your good intentions.", "link_id": "t3_gwjpiw", "time": 1591292263}}
{"fsvnucd": {"text": "My kid's the same age, and I think that you're spot on about needing more information before you agree to go to the hospital with your child or even allow a phone call that's going into involve \"Hey Kiddo, I'm dying.\" If my kid's dad was dying, we'd be seeing a therapist before the hospital visit(s), throughout the dying process, and after his death. It's your job to prepare your kid as best you can for the situation, not just to throw a young kid into something so complicated without any tools or context. I think you and I completely agree that your kid is going to look to you for guidance, and you can't support him without any information.Edited to add: If your kid and their Dad had a close relationship or there was a court order regarding custody &amp; visitation, my answer would be different.", "link_id": "t3_gwj5lz", "time": 1591290839}}
{"fsrjeih": {"text": "Maybe it's just because I'm female and bisexual, but regular dating apps have worked mostly fine for me. My ideal situation is a FWB situation with a heavy emphasis on the F. I just try to disclose that upfront. I've dated some nonmonogamous folks that are compatible with that type of setup. I'd love to date someone who actually identifies as aroace, rather than is just compatible with aroace.", "link_id": "t3_gvlixp", "time": 1591203650}}
{"fsras0c": {"text": "It's not necessarily schizoaffective; lots of people will have those thoughts while in a manic episode. Glad you realized that you're having issues and made the call to the doc. I recommend taking a walk or hike in nature (maybe find someone to go with you as a babysitter), doing mindfulness exercises to ground you, and perhaps some guided meditation. Those can all quiet your mind in the meantime while you're waiting to hear back.", "link_id": "t3_gvu8kt", "time": 1591199576}}
{"fsrac39": {"text": "I try to remember that one of the symptoms of bipolar is the illusion that manic/hypomanic is the \"real me.\" It's dangerous. Wanting to go off your meds is a symptom. There's a recent post on this subreddit, or maybe the other bipolar one, but there was a good discussion of how our perception of our personality while manic/hypomanic is totally different than other people's experiences with us while we're in that phase.", "link_id": "t3_gvuzxv", "time": 1591199370}}
{"fsr9g7l": {"text": "Oh for SURE meds are important. I love talking about meds, because I think we more often hear the negative side, and I've been a neuroscience geek for like 20 years. The positive side of meds is really boring to talk about - life is better and more manageable. I'm without a doubt the most stable and the happiest I've even been in my whole life. And happy-happy, not manic-happy. People generally need a combination of several to really take care of all of the different facets of bipolar. Lamotrigine is a pretty standard drug for most folks with bipolar; it is very well tolerated and won't make you feel like a zombie. Even if you're skeptical of other meds, I think it's a really good idea to be on this, at the very least. It's generally the first thing prescribed unless you're really manic or psychotic, in which they're going to address that first with something like depakote. On top of the lamotrigine, most folks go onto a second drug also to help address their most problematic symptoms, it's often lithium or something from the various groups of antipsychotics. I'm part of a bipolar support group, and I've got good friends on pretty much every bipolar drug out there. Pdocs will often prescribe different meds to folks with Bipolar I vs Bipolar II, so having an accurate diagnosis is important. There's no single magic drug that works for everybody, and some people have more severe side effects on a particular drug than others. Some meds you learn to tolerate better over time, also. On top of the Lamotrigine, I need something to help me out of depression and to help regulate my sleep - so I'm on Seroquel. Some people \\*would\\* be a zombie on my dosage of Seroquel, but I'm good. A lot of people, including myself, also need to address their anxiety and/or ADHD. It's extremely common to have these conditions as well. That's a 3rd med, but I can't emphasize enough how much adding an anti-anxiety med to the mix has improved my quality of life. Unmedicated bipolar folks don't get better, and the truth is the longer you're unmedicated, you end up with bigger swings and more frequent swings. Being unmedicated literally causes permanent brain damage. I've met some older folks who have not taken care of their disorder, and it's my worst nightmare. I mention it to balance out the idea that taking meds means you'll be a zombie and not yourself. Not taking meds has severe consequences. I don't mean to be all doom and gloom, but just to provide a little context.", "link_id": "t3_gv7ezo", "time": 1591198960}}
{"fsr7zl7": {"text": "I'm not your doc, but based on this, you're Bipolar I, not II. Just the style of your writing here indicates manic symptoms. So the Abilify is a pretty good idea. I've got friends who are on it, and found it helpful for reducing the severity of their upswings. Good luck and stay safe.", "link_id": "t3_gvpgsn", "time": 1591198273}}
{"fsolrzk": {"text": "The transition from married to singledom is a long, bumpy road. You really need to get expert advice on the divorce situation; it's different in every state, and every situation is different. You also really need a therapist so you can vent and get useful feedback. The grief that you're going through with your father and with your marriage isn't something to just push aside. I'd warn you that friends and especially family aren't the best folks to lean on for practical divorce advice. They have a tendency to tell you that you're right and to demonize your spouse/ex-spouse in support of you, but that's not helpful. Righteous anger is counterproductive. Be smart, not emotional. I can't emphasize that last part enough. You've got to do what's best for you and your kids in the long run. If you and your ex can keep from fighting with each other, that's the best road for your kids. Two separate happy, peaceful households are better than one angry or unhappy one.", "link_id": "t3_gvdc7h", "time": 1591136024}}
{"fso3aoj": {"text": "I think it's in your best interest to clarify that for Father's Day, you're going to celebrate alone with the kids per the custody agreement. It's your holiday and your parenting time, and you have the absolute right to spend it however you like. I find it strange that it's not in your divorce decree / custody schedule that kids spend Father's Day/Mother's Day with that parent. I suppose that could be a state-by-state condition. It's worth going to therapy over the way that your marriage ended. You really need to vent all of that anger and get that out of your system, as much as possible. Carrying around that anger, even though it's completely justified, hurts you and your kids in the long run. You deserve better than that. You deserve to move on with your life, and not be stuck in that same emotional rut. I think another thing worth spending some time reflecting on is the concept that you owe it to her and she owes it to you that the kids are taught to love and respect the other parent. You don't have any control whatsoever about your ex teaching your kids that they should love and respect you, and honestly, you can't force kids to truly love and respect anybody anyway. You can treat their mother with politeness and kindness, and teach your kids good manners. You can model good judgment, emotional control, and loving behavior. Just as a practical matter, you should contact your lawyer about the daycare payment issues and find out what your options are. It's not okay that she's jeopardizing the daycare spots for nonpayment and probably racking up late payment fees. Perhaps you could just pay the whole thing and you get that amount of money direct deposited from her paycheck or some such compromise.", "link_id": "t3_gvdzir", "time": 1591127227}}
{"fsnohvy": {"text": "I'm not sure you're getting great advice here. Doctor shopping so that you can get a particular drug (that is truly addictive) isn't good.", "link_id": "t3_gv7ezo", "time": 1591120286}}
{"fsnngvk": {"text": "There's nothing about his new relationship that \"ruined\" your co-parenting relationship.  It sounds like your boundaries are not where they should be; the calls throughout the week may be blurring the lines. Family vacations, etc. That's probably more close than what's emotionally healthy for you. Coparenting well depends a lot on having healthy boundaries, I think. I've known my ex 20+ years, so we do talk about some friend-stuff and extended family-stuff, attend the same family funerals, we run big decisions past the other person, etc. But I've also learned that we need our own space, our own social circles, separate holiday celebrations. For example, we take our kids trick or treating together (including with the new girlfriend), but Christmases are separate. We meet each other's significant other before introducing that person to the kids - but we don't have the right to veto their relationship. You might want to think about where the health lines are for your family, and how you can strengthen the co-parenting relationship while respecting his right to lead his life as he sees fit.", "link_id": "t3_gv60m1", "time": 1591119801}}
{"fsnku1r": {"text": "My co-parent is a lot better than he used to be, so much of this stuff has evolved or is still evolving as he gets used to being a single parent. Good on you for asking the question and being open to the answers. I really really appreciate it when my kid's dad takes care of routine-kid stuff, instead of all of the emotional-labor and domestic-labor tasks falling to me. He takes care of haircuts and cutting their nails without being asked, and will pick up the kids' prescriptions if I tell him they're ready. We switch off who takes PTO for days the kids' schools have professional development days; no complaining. If you're the one who pays for health care and dental care, it's so much easier if you're the one who takes them to the routine medical and dental appointments - it's a real pain in the ass to have to send over all the medical bills after paying out-of-pocket, and then having to be reimbursed. Make sure you're on all the school newsletters &amp; event communications so that your co-parent doesn't have to stay on top of if you are aware of it or not. The super-annoying thing that still happens is that my kids will wear a new outfit over to their dad's house, and then they come back in something that's too small and/or out of season. So I'm constantly trying to figure out WTF happened to all the jackets, shorts, and the socks and underwear that fit. I have bought SO many pairs of shorts for the kids this spring/summer, and I keep getting back sweatpants that are several inches too short. And swimsuits, hats, gloves, scarves seem to make it to his house, but rarely make it back to mine. There are worse things in the world, but it's my pet peeve. Also, try not to be the Disney Dad. Kids need to eat vegetables and take vitamins at both houses, do chores, do homework and school projects, etc. You don't want to set up a fun parent vs. a boring parent dynamic.", "link_id": "t3_gs0wut", "time": 1591118557}}
{"fsnil8x": {"text": "My vote on this totally depends on how much you already see your kid. Like, if you have your kid 50% or more of the time, it kinda sounds like you're lonely and should consider working on your non-parent life. Which I totally have compassion for, since I've been there before. I've known people who define themselves entirely as a parent, and when their kid is off doing something else, they have no idea what to do with themselves. I still have those feelings for the first few hours after my kids go to their dad's house. However, if you're seeing them just on for example on Wednesdays and every other weekend, then I think showing up for practices and games is a supportive thing and a great way to be there for them on a more frequent basis. I think that being there for the day-to-day part of their life means a lot, especially if that's you love language.", "link_id": "t3_guzx6h", "time": 1591117496}}
{"fsnhtdf": {"text": "I'm totally fascinated by this crows obsession. Like, what's the deal? Are they useful? Should I get crow buddies too??", "link_id": "t3_gv7ezo", "time": 1591117128}}
{"fsn5rjb": {"text": "Super typical of hypomania. I'd say probably my most pronounced symptom. There's a lot of shit I know because I got obsessed with researching this or that, or learning a new hobby. So many hobbies. Have gone back to school so many times. Which isn't a bad thing; just my typical pattern. Then the hypomania passes, and then I'm left with all the supplies and gear from my hypo-hobby. I used to just think that I'm a \"quitter\" since I tend to quit the obsession as soon as my mood evens out. Made me feel really bad about myself. Turns out it's not a personality trait - it's a bipolar symptom. Getting diagnosed made me feel a lot better, actually because it put those things into a different context. But I'm still weirdly knowledgeable about RVs, backpacking gear, Antarctica, babywearing, breastfeeding (I had two babies, I'm not a weirdo), homesteading, psychology, accounting, minimalism, human development, comedy writing, learned to play several instruments, and I am VERY familiar with every section of the craft store. I don't even allow myself to go into a craft store anymore. I'm hoping I didn't just doxx myself with that list, lol.", "link_id": "t3_gv7ezo", "time": 1591111309}}
{"fsdddn5": {"text": "That's tricky. How long were you manic? Does your spending pair up with other manic behaviors? My approach to working on this is that we have 1) realize we're having a \"wobble\" in the manic direction, and 2) use everything you've got to get back to steady. Everything you've got includes: meds, understanding of your triggers, behavioral supports, and your support team. One of the ways that I \"catch\" mine is by attending a bipolar support group. Someone will be mentioning the after effects of manic spending, and then suddenly a light will go on in my head, and I'll realize that I'm doing the same behavior. Mood trackers are helpful in helping me find patterns, when I wouldn't otherwise notice.", "link_id": "t3_gthveh", "time": 1590883272}}
{"fscfzxa": {"text": "Manic me isn't nearly as charming and delightful as I think I am. I've got a lot of bipolar friends, which I've seen bounce up and down over the years. Its given me a lot of perspective. That passionate flight of ideas =&gt; you dominate the conversation and are too obsessed with self to be considerate of others. Feeling like hot shit and riding that wave of hypersexuality =&gt; poor boundaries, objectifying people, risk-taking with poorly-vetted sexual partners, and basically using people for sex. Outpouring of creativity =&gt; compulsive behavior that manifests in writing, art, and music; it's not a choice we're making in that moment, it's a symptom of a brain that can't regulate itself. Feeling hyper-aware of everything around you and seeing through into other people's motivations =&gt; paranoia and grandiosity.It's a real pain in the ass when a bipolar friend goes off their meds and think they're doing great. In reality, they're increasingly annoying to be around with their ill behaviors, and not in any mood to listen to anyone telling them they need to get back on their meds. Stay on your meds, people. And see your doc when you need an adjustment.", "link_id": "t3_gtf054", "time": 1590868850}}
{"fsba3ag": {"text": "I'd order some Instant Ocean mix from Amazon rather than trying to concoct your own mix in the kitchen. It's not ideal to go without saltwater, but you can offer just declorinated fresh water until you have the materials you need. Real saltwater contains a lot of other minerals besides just salt, btw.", "link_id": "t3_gtffl0", "time": 1590852435}}
{"fs74741": {"text": "You need a lawyer and a divorce, ASAP. There is no such thing as saving this situation through excellent parenting and cooperation. Your lawyer will let you know if you have any chance of limiting his visitation rights based on the situation. But staying in that situation is clearly the worst choice you have.", "link_id": "t3_gsk634", "time": 1590758510}}
{"fs5t274": {"text": "Sounds like a hot mess. Are you trying to leave your husband and that household? Have you already left, but you're worried about your baby's safety when she's not with you? Is there someone or something specific that you're worried about? Like, are we talking sexual abuse, physical abuse, neglect, or a medical issue? Do you have a custody schedule yet? That's a lit of questions, but just wanted to put that out there so you can get more targeted feedback. The only part of this that doesnt sound terrible is having 3 boyfriends in 18 months. That part isn't really your business though, IMO.", "link_id": "t3_gsk634", "time": 1590721474}}
{"fs26dp0": {"text": "That sounds like a LOT of contact. If your kiddo isn't begging for it, and if your ex isn't into it, then you just need to let those expectations go (for now). I love my kids to pieces, but I would be annoyed at my ex sending that many texts, photos, videos, daily calls, etc. They can be close without talking and seeing eachother everyday, and the more you micromanage their relationship, the worse off you all will be, IMO. My vote is that you concentrate on being fully present with your kid when he's with you, and that you use your time apart productively and to take care of the non-parent parts of your life.", "link_id": "t3_gryzls", "time": 1590644063}}
{"fs1uegq": {"text": "Not involving the courts is usually a bad idea. You need legal advice to make sure you understand all the things that are location and situation-specific. You were vague, but it sounds like there's some evidence of you maybe contemplating suicide or criminal activity of some kind? And he's threatening to use it as blackmail with regards to custody? It sounds like you have a unique situation (homeschooling, major depression, stay-at-home dad, etc.) and you'll need to explain the specifics of your situation to a professional. But what definitely isn't the case is that he just gets to unilaterally decide that he has custody and you don't. Even if you're a terrible parent and he's an angel, there's a legal process for a reason.In a nutshell, coparenting comes down to having a mutually agreed upon schedule and plan, and both parties sticking to that plan with integrity and being reasonable when the plan isn't working. First step for you right now is getting that mutually agreed upon plan filed with the court.", "link_id": "t3_grors8", "time": 1590635878}}
{"frsnjzi": {"text": "You have to stick to the parenting plan, 100%. It's not optional, and it's not unfair to be expected to follow that schedule. You can only control what happens on your time. So make sure to plan your BBQs and camping trips on your time. A big component of coparenting is that both parties need stick to the plan without drama. You can pick like 2 or 3 \"big asks\" a year, and expect to accommodate a few \"big asks\" from your coparent.", "link_id": "t3_gqe0ry", "time": 1590434104}}
{"frs78bo": {"text": "Anxiety might be playing a role here on both of your parts. But I think the biggest issue is that neither of you seem to be working on it in a serious way. His seems more toxic, but yours it hurting you, too. Anxiety can present as asshole behavior - irritable, angry, short fuse, etc. I'm a pretty angry person when my anxiety is high.  However, I'm also on meds and do serious work on my mental health including therapy. I apologize when I've been an asshole, and I take steps to prevent being a jerk to the people I care aboutIf your BFs anxiety level is that high (as it's a seriously negative force in your relationship) he MUST be working on it. In my opinion, mental health challenges arent a dealbreaker, but the refusal to actively and seriously work on them IS a dealbreaker. You're not being petty or uncaring to get out of this relationship due to this issue. Yo say he's a wonderful dude, but his actions say otherwise. You being unhappy in this relationship is 100% enough reason to get out of it. Breaking up advice: I think you can frame your breakup as you need the chance to work on your own anxiety, and make the space to work on self-improvement. Keep the discussion to \"I statements\" about how you feel and what you need; it gives less room for him to attempt to change your mind. You can tell him you care about him, but cant continue this relationship. Honestly, he sounds like the kind of guy who would be a giant asshole about the breakup. If you feel like you'd be in danger after you tell him you're leaving, you should contact domestic violence resources to help you make a plan to stay safe. Since you've only been there 3 months, I'm thinking you can probably move out in 1 day. Contact a friend or family member (or 2) who will be ready and waiting with boxes. Tell BF that you're leaving to work through some stuff on your own, and you're just going to rip the bandaid off and go now. Your helpers come in, and you pack up your stuff immediately. The friends or family members will help to make him less likely to berate you or threaten you as you leave. Don't worry about seeming cold or calculating, or about what he may tell other people. He's going to tell them you're an asshole regardless. You can be free in a matter of days.", "link_id": "t3_gqcr93", "time": 1590425687}}
{"frs4jpk": {"text": "100% this. She is not in a place where she can be in a healthy, loving, drama-free relationship. When she expressed discomfort with dating someone who isn't an asshole, that's a BIG red flag. She's either got trauma or immaturity to work out, but either way, this is not a good relationship for you to be in. I think one of the most solid dealbreaker questions is: \"Does this person show good judgement?\" If your GF had that, she would have noped out of there as soon as her ex starting flirting with her.", "link_id": "t3_gqbmzv", "time": 1590424307}}
{"frp714k": {"text": "I think a fakebook of music you enjoy is a great start. I love the Beatles fakebook I got early on when I was first learning. It's literally called the Beatles Easy Fakebook. Most chords are those very simple, common ones you've already picked up. For example, Hey Jude is C, G, F, Dm, a single Bb. I think the apps are a little harder to start out with, like Guitar Tabs. Which I do use frequently now. Sometimes I'll come across something that is just written terribly, but I wouldn't have been able to recognize that early on, and then I'd think that I must just suck. The benefit I get from the app, is that if I don't like the key, either vocally or because it has pain in the ass chords, then I'll bump it up or down to suit my needs. And you can print out PDFs of chords and lyrics if you need. We do this for people in my family who want to sing along or record something (we have an online family signoff in peogress) while I do the accompany.", "link_id": "t3_gpt3jq", "time": 1590351676}}
{"frozkm1": {"text": "My favorite starter-level uke was/is an Ohana CK22z. I don't mind my kids learning on it because I'm pretty sure it won't get broken or scratched. Super durable is a good idea for starting out. I'd also recommend getting a wall hanger for your instrument. I think it makes you more likely to practice because you're seeing it more often, and being up and out of the way keeps it safer from kids, pets, visitors, etc.", "link_id": "t3_gowe9m", "time": 1590348132}}
{"froy7dy": {"text": "Can you get more specific about not being able to play and sing at the same time? I recommend doing recordings of your practice because oftentimes we sound quite different than we think we do. There might be a issue with genre and tempo. I think some things lend themselves to uke playing more than others. Have you tried singing a basic Beatles song in an easy key? That's a good place to start, IMO.", "link_id": "t3_gpt3jq", "time": 1590347425}}
{"frotlrl": {"text": "Em is pretty simple with 0-4-3-2. Bb I can see being tricky for a new player, but it's worth practicing that formation because you'll continue to use it. If you simply must avoid it, I'd change the key of the song you're playing.", "link_id": "t3_gpujn8", "time": 1590345176}}
{"freptzu": {"text": "I don't think there's enough info here to really say if something's wrong or not. Nudity isn't that big of a deal in my house. My older son is 8, so I tried to imagine it if it were my kid. If the shower isn't fairly big, my answer is why does you ex even want to? Like, does he skip washing his hair unless someone makes him, or maybe they just like chatting while they shower? Bathing the kids together is for sure no big deal, though. That's just efficient and probably really fun for the kids.If you have a reason to suspect some sort of sexual misconduct or bad judgement in that area, then keep listening to your son without showing a big emotional reaction. You need him to keep talking, and if you freak out, he'll just hide things and/or lie. If you, yourself, have been a victim of sexual abuse or violence, then I strongly recommend counseling to help you deal with both your past trauma and your worries for the present situation for your child.In my household and my ex's household, this wouldn't be cause for alarm. Context matters for both the weed and the nudity. Driving while high -- not cool. Having a wee little toke and playing Legos for 2 hours with your kid? Assuming theres a sober adult nearby and it's not a legal issue, then that could be really fun for everyone. Context matters. And also putting your foot down on the showers and baths would be useless. It's not illegal or even morally questionable. That falls under the category of \"different strokes for different folks.\"", "link_id": "t3_goac3v", "time": 1590114164}}
{"frcuk40": {"text": "Jeez, that poor kid. What a nightmare of a mother she's got. Glad she's got you.", "link_id": "t3_gnnqqo", "time": 1590078722}}
{"frcd8yy": {"text": "I think that at its heart, this is a little girl trying to figure out navigating two different worlds. That's actually a positive developmental step. I think the reason that this little girl keeps bringing up the differences between mom's house and your house is that she's trying to make sense of all the differences. I think that you have the opportunity to model the idea that people can disagree without having a giant fight about the topic. For example, she loves mom, and mom doesn't like makeup. She loves you, but you do like makeup. She's figuring out how to make sense of those conflicting things. I'd respond with something like \"Well some people like to wear makeup and some people don't. It's okay to have different opinions about it. Wouldn't life be boring if everyone was exactly the same?\" Same idea when it comes to rules: \"Different houses have different rules. I bet that can be confusing sometimes. It's always okay to ask what the rules are at our house. Do you want to make a picture-list of the rules?\" I don't think you need to avoid the topic that her two different homes ARE different, and have different expectations of her. It's not so tough - kids understand that school and home have different rules. That church and home have different rules. The playground vs. the grocery store. This kiddo talking about \"Mom doesn't think that I get enough food here\" etc. I'd respond with \"Well, what do you think?\" and then really listen. I bet anything that she's bringing it up to you because she's confused with her mom saying something different than what feels right to her. Or that conflicts with her own experience and evidence. I'd emphasize her autonomy, and tell her that she has the right to ask for more food if she's hungry. If she expresses that mom says she doesn't have enough toys or whatever, I'd go with \"Having new toys is a lot of fun! What's your very favorite toy of all time?\" I'd keep trying to engage with your SD herself and with her own thoughts, rather than addressing any of the parroted concerns from mom. She's too young to stand up to her mom, but you can start building up her own sense of self and her confidence in her own beliefs and moral compass.", "link_id": "t3_gnnqqo", "time": 1590069914}}
{"fraorko": {"text": "It sounds like your ex doesn't want to rely on you and your wife for childcare. Daycare is less drama. Sounds like you low-key hate her, honestly. Signing the kid up for daycare is not that unreasonable if you turn it around.  Would you want your ex to have the option to change their mind last minute and make it impossible for you to go to work?  I sure wouldn't. If your relationship with her is contentious, I could imagine that she doesn't want the day-to-day involvement (and drama), and to rely on an ex in that way. You might want to take time to think about the logistics here, before putting your foot down about the daycare issue. You didn't indicate how long you think you would be able to be daytime childcare, and if it would require you guys to give up the enrollment spot at the daycare. I just had to talk to my daycare today to talk about this. I had to either send him back  in two weeks, or I start paying a weekly reservation fee of 50% normal tuition. Or unenroll him-- which means I'm gonna have to hustle to find a new daycare in a few months, if that's even possible. I'm all for both parents having 50/50 say in childcare decisions, but it sounds like you may not yet have all the info you need from this specific daycare that'd you need to consider this fully. For example, I'd want to know how they're making sure sick kids, or kids from sick families, are being screened before coming to school. Are the staff being screened daily? I wouldn't make a decision and all a lawyer, etc. until you have more specifics on the situation.Also, the timing of your wife's pregnancy is key. Like, how soon is she due? What's the likelihood that she'll need to go on bed rest before the birth, or finds that isn't physically up to the task of taking care of another kid? Also, what the plan for who takes care of your son when you and your wife need to go to prenatal appts, actually giving birth, etc. What's the plan for the weeks after the birth? You're going to need to find alternate childcare for those times, and right now, there's not a lot of options. You didn't mention if you're taking paternity leave, but I don't think you can count on your wife providing 40+ hours per week of childcare for the first month or two after she gives birth. This isn't a slam dunk decision on either side, really. Just some of my thoughts, and maybe it'll help you guys come to a compromise that works for everyone.", "link_id": "t3_gnedi3", "time": 1590023300}}
{"fr4xb3i": {"text": "Stick to the custody plan 100% faithfully. I think that for those of us with kids travelling back and forth, we just have to accept that we are not able to do social distancing to the extent that we wish to. Do the best you can with the things you have control over. And accept that your ex isn't one of those things. I do realize that it puts some folks in an impossible position of having to choose to be around their exposed kids AND take care of someone who is at-risk of serious issues should they develop COVID. That really sucks.", "link_id": "t3_gmezzc", "time": 1589898638}}
{"fr4wpha": {"text": "Your son has two parents with poor emotional control. If you want to have a decent relationship with your kid after he is grown and out of your house, you're going to step up and be a grownup. That's if he can overcome these years with y'all behaving like petty children. That's TOXIC to hear. I've never forgiven my dad for what he said about my mom. Hopefully your kid can forgive you for what you've done and said. You owe him a giant apology, and a vow to never bad talk his dad again.", "link_id": "t3_gmm05s", "time": 1589898313}}
{"fqvr2k6": {"text": "Thanks! It's been a journey, but I'm proud to say that I'm in a good place, and grateful for the people who have helped me grow.", "link_id": "t3_gkv2fr", "time": 1589683270}}
{"fqtx99q": {"text": "OMG yes. As a diagnosed bipolar person, I'm pretty tired of hearing people call weather bipolar. Maybe I'd say the weather was bipolar if we had back-to-back hurricanes that destroyed your entire life savings and gave you an STD.", "link_id": "t3_gkv2fr", "time": 1589647876}}
{"fqtw2ix": {"text": "Totally. Cause you can count on your Border Collie being obsessed with you too.", "link_id": "t3_gktsjw", "time": 1589647225}}
{"fqdjs5i": {"text": "Glad to hear that you will at least know your options. Rooting for you!", "link_id": "t3_ghxb8r", "time": 1589291163}}
{"fqdjb2k": {"text": "It's one thing to be somewhat aware of your flaws, but I'd never date someone with a serious disorder who wasn't even aware of it or was flippant about having the disorder. Awareness and progress towards stability, specifically with therapy and meds, are essential to being \"in good working order\" before getting in a relationship. Otherwise its gonna be a toxic shitshow.Source: have bipolar and have friends with BPD. Our relationships pre-diagnosis were shitshows.", "link_id": "t3_ghqy1d", "time": 1589290883}}
{"fqdg25q": {"text": "He sounds like he is very inflexible and will fight you no matter how good your compromise is. Yikes. A lawyer would be your best bet for figuring out what you can legally do in this situation. It varies from state to state. Sure sounds like your kid's father doesn't care about you, so make sure that you're looking out for your own best interests.", "link_id": "t3_ghxb8r", "time": 1589288873}}
{"fqbpaqv": {"text": "I think that because your ex's work is seasonal, you gotta flip the calendar a bit. Maybe your kid's dad has fall break, the majority of winter break, and spring break, while you take summer break plus the usual school schedule. I don't think there's a point to trying to fit your life into the usual custody schedule. Just take a look at what's literally possible between your schedule, your kid's, and your ex's and you all do your best. It might be worth hiring a custody mediato to help you guys draw up something workable. Someone with expert knowledge in this area would be worth paying for. It's possible that your ex will decide that he'd rather find a similar job in a different state. Most parents have to make sacrifices and compromises when it comes to jobs and kids.", "link_id": "t3_ghxb8r", "time": 1589241306}}
{"fq7xfho": {"text": "I think you already know it isn't healthy to blame the GF for the breakup of your marriage. Your ex had a more active role in that than she did. But truly, being angry at any party involved doesn't help you coparent well together and move on in a healthy way. Find a release for that anger, and realize that you now have an opportunity to make a new future with someone new, several someones, or no one at all (if that's your preference).What happened to you wasn't fair and wasn't your fault. My anger was righteous, but not useful. I came to the realization that I could either keep my anger or I could move towards the peaceful, honest life I wanted for myself and my kids. As for coparenting, just keep reminding yourself that the more people that love your children, the better it is for them. Early on, I had brunch with my ex and the new girlfriend and basically (probably literally, knowing me) told her \"Welcome to the Team.\" It sounds like this new girlfriend in your own situation wants to be on The Team. Being open-hearted and generous with her is the best thing for your kids, and also for you.This is such a fresh hurt, and it'll take time to sort out all your thoughts, emotions, and dreams for the future. You dont come across like one of those people who just can't seem to help themselves and keep creating drama with their ex and the ex's new partner. You already know that taking the high road is the right way to go, that it's how to be the best parent for your kids and you're doing awesome.", "link_id": "t3_gebba9", "time": 1589154181}}
{"fq760m5": {"text": "I don't understand what in the world you're fighting about here. This isn't a big deal, and you making a big deal out of it will hurt your kid the most. Making transitions a big stressful event is really awful for the kid. Transitions are just tough, period, and getting petty about not wanting your ex to even step onto your sidewalk is making you look bad to your kid.I think part of this depends on the age of your kid, but if kid has a cell phone, have them text you when they're on their way over. And you meet your kid outside, wave to your coparent and go inside. If your kid is too young to have a phone, just lock your door. They'll knock on the door, you'll bring the kid inside, wave to the other parent. \"Bye, see ya next time.\" Done. You can be angry on the inside, but you've got to figure out how to stuff it down for the sake of your kid's quality of life.", "link_id": "t3_geq4b4", "time": 1589142244}}
{"fq74l1w": {"text": "You're sure jogging right past about a thousand red flags. What are you doing?!? You're moving from one terrible mess of a relationship into another, and bringing your children along for the ride. Staying is worse than leaving. The financial situation alone should have you running away from this relationship. I'm so sorry, but this isn't a mess you can untangle. You've just gotta extract yourself and your kids before you get any deeper.", "link_id": "t3_gf05h0", "time": 1589141714}}
{"fq72dg9": {"text": "What a shitshow. You need to get your custody situation and parenting plan figured out while he's in rehab. Anger issues, boundary issues, substance abuse issues, threatening violence in the future if you date someone, etc. etc. You need the law on your side (for when he goes off the rails again) and you need therapy to help you break the patterns that you've fallen into with him. Not blaming you, just rooting for you. I've seen that there's often a little honeymoon period right after rehab where they're feeling great and ready to get their life in order. And that's your window to get those custody plans signed and in order, so you and your kids are protected. Plan for the worst, hope for the best. Or if you're as cynical as I am about guys like him actually changing -- just plan for the worst and be pleasantly surprised if he comes out a better person.", "link_id": "t3_gg9ijd", "time": 1589140893}}
{"fq701o1": {"text": "ESH: You're not living in a healthy, happy household right now, and that really sucks. What happened is just an extension of your current family dynamics. You had expectations that were not met, and it makes sense to be disappointed. However, I don't know why in the world you would have expected anything different than what happened. The reason I'm saying ESH is because you could have been upfront about your expectations, and instead you hinted and hoped they'd step up (for the first time ever).They definitely suck more than you, but you should have spelled out your expectations for all of your kids, and ESPECIALLY for your older daughters on the spectrum. It's not really fair to ask young adults with autism to read your mind and guess what the social expectations are for this situation. Your younger children seem just as clueless, and you're the only one in the household who is in the position to teach them how to behave (your husband sounds useless, tbh). You said no one ever does anything for your birthday or Mother's Day - why did you go into this year with a different expectations? They all sound like they expected you to do the work. Maybe that's because you usually step up into that role for milestones or holidays, or because they're just lazy and/or thoughtless. But neither of those explanations arose overnight.You've been with your husband a long time, and he's shown in the past he doesn't care, and this year he did the same thing. If he's fighting with your kids constantly, then I'm guessing he's not going to lead the charge for thoughtful gift giving and making the day special. I've been married to a guy who sucked at holidays, and I know how shitty that feels. It corroded our marriage, among other acts of thoughtlessness and selfishness. But it wasn't an isolated incident. I'd seriously consider if that's a relationship you want to stay in, or if you just feel trapped by all of the above.", "link_id": "t3_gh7nxj", "time": 1589140036}}
{"fq6psf8": {"text": "NTA - He lies, and then blames his need/desire to lie on you. He has clearly shown that he will lie in order to do whatever he wants, and will willingly gaslight you to get away with it. I wouldn't hang around to find out what else he has been lying about. Get STD tested, btw.", "link_id": "t3_gh6q80", "time": 1589136124}}
{"fq6p3k2": {"text": "NTA - You just refused to help with a poorly planned business. She didn't hire you, and she didn't lose a business that never existed in the first place. She's not entitled to unconditional support from every other immigrant. Come on, that's just silly. Encouraging her to go ahead with a bad idea is much worse.", "link_id": "t3_gh6pel", "time": 1589135788}}
{"fq6oc43": {"text": "NTA - A public proposal without even giving you a heads up of any kind? He is clearly the asshole. If he thinks he knows you well enough to get married, he should have known your preference to not get married until a few more years down the road. He used public pressure to get you to say yes, posted the peoposal video without your consent, and now he's throwing a temper tantrum about your reservations about this clearly bad idea. Sorry, but you should go ahead break up. Not just because of the initial decision to propose, but his continued disregard for your feelings, thoughts, wishes for your future, etc. Is it so selfish and immature, it just smacks of \"nowhere near emotionally ready for marriage.\" This series of actions proves how poor of a match this is for you. Again, that sucks, but don't stick around for more guilt trips and pouting because you're making a mature decision.", "link_id": "t3_gh6hms", "time": 1589135395}}
{"fq5wm7e": {"text": "NAMI has online support groups. I found my support group on Meetup (for bipolar, so probably not the one you need). A lot of groups are doing online meetings. I'd also suggest DBT for your challenges, if you have the time and mental energy to do it properly.", "link_id": "t3_ggszu5", "time": 1589119351}}
{"fq51qha": {"text": "You call a lawyer and the cops. There's no negotiation to be done here - you cannot let your son go with an unstable person under these circumstances. You honestly may need a restraining order. Showing up on your doorstep is scary behavior, and he seems to be escalating.", "link_id": "t3_ggvf80", "time": 1589089835}}
{"fptqqpb": {"text": "Yup, all of those. I probably put Prime membership in there, Costco membership, Audible. Maybe Nintendo here or in Family Fun. Any premium TV channels I have at the moment. Pool membership. It varies month to month, but I basically consider them 50/50 cost of living and quality of life type items.", "link_id": "t3_gdcoci", "time": 1588896364}}
{"fpq79mu": {"text": "You need to modify your custody order, stat. That amount of child support and schedule of visitation doesn't reflect the current situation that you're in, and it really needs to. It will define exactly who is driving where and what days the child is with each parent. Tuesdays and Thursdays is ridiculous for parents that live 6 hours away. It's literally not possible to do that AND have a full time job. It needs to be amended to something possible and fair, for the sake of your child.Also, don't \"go easy\" on him regarding child support. That money actually belongs to your daughter, and you shouldn't bargain it away for any reason. Even if you arent desperately needing that money for bills, that's college money or fancy camps money. Your ex will blame you for his circumstances no matter what anyway. Don't make it worse by trying to be the good guy.", "link_id": "t3_geplj9", "time": 1588816587}}
{"fpldg0c": {"text": "It was interesting to write this out and wonder how accurate a picture of my life you'd get from reading through my categories. These are generally in order from greatest expense to the smallest expenses (for the current moment). I retool my categories at the beginning of each year to reflect my priorities. I try to take a look quarterly to make sure I'm on the path to those long-term goals I have for myself.Adulting* Rent* Daycare* Car Loan* Insurance* Cellphone* Internet* Subscriptions* Babysitting* Interest &amp; FeesCredit Card Payments* Amazon Card* Credit CardTrue Expenses* Stuff I Forgot to Budget For (slush fund)* Groceries* Household Goods* Plants/Garden* Fuel &amp; Tolls* Family Fun* Kid Toys, Books, Educational* Pets* Gifts* My Clothing* Kid Clothing* Auto Maintenance* Decorating/Furniture* Home Maintenance &amp; Technology* Giving* Special Occasions* Medical * Christmas* Fitness* Kid Birthday PartiesNot Adulting* Lunches (out of the house)* Dining Out (with friends)* Fun Money* Grooming* Going Out (dates)* TravelDebt Payments* Student LoanFuture Adulting* Roll-Over Money (for next month's expenses)* Emergency Fund* Retirement SavingsWish FarmWish List", "link_id": "t3_gdcoci", "time": 1588710735}}
{"fpkde68": {"text": "Total gamechanger for my sleep. It's part of my whole \"safe space\" routine. Completed fixed my middle of the night problem with waking up and not being able to go back to sleep. Great for relaxing after work on a hard day. I was shocked by how much it helped me.My kid suffers from anxiety attacks/meltdowns, and one of the most effective coping mechanisms is crawling under one or two of our weighted blankets with his dog (emotional support dog in training). On the other hand, my mom had PTSD and found that it gave her nightmares instead of relief. Just wanted to mention that too, since some people have trauma around the sensation of being weighted down.", "link_id": "t3_gdnfgw", "time": 1588692640}}
{"fpk0h9h": {"text": "Virtual high five. Truly, you're doing the best you can do in terms of baby immunity.", "link_id": "t3_gdmkx9", "time": 1588685444}}
{"fpisakg": {"text": "This sucks, but there's no way to keep your new baby entirely safe in this situation, or any situation really. The world is filled with germs, and pretty much all new parents worry about it. The good news is that COVID is actually a lot less dangerous for your baby than most things. Like I'd be way more worried about my newborn getting RSV right now, for example. My point is that in non-pandemic times, we have to accept a certain amount of risk that our kids will catch something from their siblings or family members. Has your new kiddo been vaccinated for the usual things yet, at least their first round of shots? Are you breastfeeding? Are your step-kids vaccinated for all the regular childhood things? If these are all yeses, then I don't see why the kids can't all be together. There's no telling how long this pandemic will last, and keeping everybody separate is not the same thing as keeping everybody safe. Your stepkids feeling safe and loved by both parents during this scary time is a high priority too. You do your best to reduce the risks, but at the end of the day, love and connection matter more than ever.", "link_id": "t3_gdmkx9", "time": 1588647587}}
{"fpiqhrz": {"text": "You've got a tough situation - I think you stick to your guns here and don't increase the amount of time that the kids spend away from your house. The fact that she's flaking out on opportunities to see the kids is a big deal. So many big red flags that she isn't up to the additional responsibility. I feel like that qualifies as \"a reason why she can't have 50/50 custody\" even though she says there's not. I hope that you're keeping track of all of these no-shows and flake outs because it's likely that you'll need to go back to court because her condition deteriorates. It sounds like you've tried to facilitate doing exactly what is reasonable and what everyone would suggest-- she comes over for a short period of time, there's an activity to focus on, it's under your roof - and she couldn't even manage something as simple as that. This sucks, but I would continue to try to facilitate something like that once a week. There's a possibility that she \\*might\\* get better at parenting because of that, which would actually be the best outcome for the kids. Clearly, she's got some issues with executive functioning along with her health issues and personality disorder (snooped on your post history and confirmed my suspicion - figured it was either that, bipolar disorder, or borderline personality disorder). NPD completely tracks with her refusing to acknowledge how her own behavior and choices have led to the current situation. For what it's worth - it is 100% possible to be in therapy right now if that's what your agreement was. Many health insurance companies have even dropped copays for online therapy sessions. In my own family life, the therapists and the psychiatrists that we work with were among the first to transition to video calls. Even support groups are meeting online, to help her with what she's dealing with right now.", "link_id": "t3_gdej83", "time": 1588646460}}
{"fpin70f": {"text": "Pflugerville is pretty lovely - lived in a lot of places, but we're here to stay. My kids can walk to school, safely. There are parks all over the place. Most neighborhoods have their own little pool. The library is gorgeous. You're close enough to Austin to do Austin-stuff, but with Pflugerville and Round Rock right here, I find that I don't go to downtown Austin much at all anymore. My biggest complaint is the Pflugerville has to put a Pf in pfront of every pfucking word. See ya at the Pflugerville Pfireworks Pfestival! Seriously though, last year the pfireworks were pfabulous. I could see them from my pfront yard.", "link_id": "t3_gd1kwq", "time": 1588644424}}
{"fpigmqp": {"text": "If you've still got that voice in your head, it's worth pursing with your doc, and not writing that off as just a part of your disorder. Different meds, different dosages, whatever you've got to do, but talking to your pdoc is a start. Therapy is great for coping skills, but it wont solve the underlying issue. Some folks have literal voices and other auditory hallucinations, and there ARE meds that help. There's also  dark intrusive thoughts and suicidal thoughts, which is maybe what you meant. Again, these are not a symptom to just put up with, its important. You're important.", "link_id": "t3_fzivas", "time": 1588640500}}
{"fpdj82f": {"text": "I'm going to disagree with the other posters, and say that its GOOD that your friends have a great marriage that shows you the giant faultlines in yours. You are seeing that you are unhappy in your marriage, and getting a glimpse of what looking happy in your marriage might look like. Let me tell you the phrase that kept running through my mind when I was contemplating my divorce- \"I can't stand another 30 years of this.\" If you pay attention to what your husband does (ignoring what he says about loving you and trying to make your marriage work) - does he prioritize the things you think are important, just for your sake? Does he show with his actions and his time that you and your career, hobbies, feelings, free time/vacation time, goals, and dreams are equally as important as his? Or does he keep showing you that his career, financial priorities, free time to pursue his goals and friendships are more important than yours? Are his wants more important than your needs? Can YOU handle another 30 years like this? Sounds pretty miserable to me. As for me, my divorce was a cakewalk compared to putting up with my husband on a daily basis. Don't fear divorce. Fear a lifetime of always feeling like you're in second place.", "link_id": "t3_gcrbai", "time": 1588528059}}
{"fpdatsq": {"text": "The fact is that you would never be that controlling because its inherently wrong to try to control your partner that way. You shouldn't be with someone who tries to control small, harnless behaviors (likes) to satisfy her fears (cheating). She will ask you to change in other ways to satisfy her other fears and insecurities. It won't stop here, even if you decide that you can stomach this one request of hers. Maybe next is you're not allowed to watch a cooking video if the host is attractive. You're not allowed to talk to a female coworker off hours, even if its work-related and expected of your job. You're not allowed to travel to a work conference if female coworkers are going. You're not allowed to take an art class where you might run into single women. It won't stop, because you not cheating proves that her restrictions are working. It's a feedback loop for her anxiety.", "link_id": "t3_gcrly9", "time": 1588523335}}
{"fpd9wui": {"text": "So she completely overreacted when you set a healthy boundary. Is that out of the ordinary, or her usual habit?", "link_id": "t3_gcrwxe", "time": 1588522812}}
{"fpd58az": {"text": "I think you need to deploy some meta-game strategies here to get the changes you want. I've got a high E.Q. and have become skilled at dealing with this kind of toxic B.S. and truly crazy people, psychotic people, and just regular narcissists. Your feelings here are totally valid, and you brother truly sucks. I'm giving you a strategy to navigate this toxic situation, not telling you that you're wrong. You've phrased the problem as a brother-problem, but I think the actual problem is the entire family dynamic. Step 1: Obtain/firm up allies. You need your mom to get on your team. Start by asking your mom if she's heard the rhetoric that your brother is espousing, and ask her how she feels about those comments he makes. Put away your own thoughts and feelings, temporarily, but 100%. You're going on a fact-finding mission, and are going to emphathize fully with whatever she says. Start with *truly* trying to get her to tell you how she feels about it. Ask gentle questions if she's having a hard time, but get her to open up. Show that you care about what she says on the topic, and get to the point where you understand where she's coming from (even/especially if you disagree). No arguing, just \"I can see where you're coming from. I'm hearing you. I'm glad you're telling me this. Etc.\" Afirm, don't agree. The goal of Step 1 is to get her in empathy-mode, to show you which emotional buttons you can push, and then set up for step 2: Emotional Cannon-fire.Step 2: If you're a hardened cynic, this step is all for show and strategy. If you're still tender-hearted, then emote as usual, but keep it within the following guidelines. A) Do NOT start with this step, likely to fail to achieve your goals in this situation. B) Share how you're feeling, using I statements and not attacking your brother (it's a tactic, not me saying that you shouldn't have those thoughts). It's really hard to argue with \"I feel\" and \"I'm afraid of\" statements. Stay in that lane. You don't want to start a conversation about the reality of the situation, you're likely to just start off a round of gaslighting. The leverage you have with your mom is your presence in her life. If she wants you to stay in her life (holidays, visiting, calls, etc.) then her only option is to step up and be an ally for you in the house. You don't have to/want to say that explicitly.An example of a emotional cannon-fire speech based on what you've written: \"I feel like the black sheep in our family. I feel unwanted because I have a different ethnicity than the rest of the family. I feel like no one ever stands up for me when someone is saying something bad about Mexicans or Latinos. I feel like running away and never coming back. I feel like this isn't my home. I feel like the butt of jokes, and that my hurt feelings don't matter. I feel like hurting my feelings is sometimes the entire point of the jokes. I feel like my schooling and career are mocked, rather than encouraged. I feel very alone in our family, and that I'm not a part of our family. I'm afraid that once I leave to pursue my career, that I wont be welcomed back for holidays. I'm afraid that I won't even want to come back for holidays.\" If the above speech doesn't make her cry with the implied threat of losing you forever, then you need to accept that you need to leave ASAP,  and burn all the bridges you need to burn to get away. Your mom may not have the emotional fortitude or leverage in the household to stand up for you. Sad, but you gotta put on your own oxygen mask. Been here myself. Her refusal to make the verbal abuse stop is NOT okay. Start saving $ for the inevitable therapy needed. Step 3: If 2 is successful, you could try the same approach with your stepdad. I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess that he's low-key racist, and believes the same stuff as his shitty kid. Him allowing the verbal abuse in his house is NOT okay. Step 4: Ask for help from allies. Define what it is you actually want here, and solicit their input. Help moving out? Parents telling your brother to stop, each time that he starts? Support in standing up for yourself? If it's their approach, they're more likely to support you when you follow through. If their approach is you apologizing and appeasing, then you need to GTFO. Their support stops as soon as they're required to do anything difficult. I'm exhausted writing all of this. I'd bet $100 that your mom is abused in other ways than this. She might help you get out, but she won't stand up to the men in the house. TLDR: Leave, cause this is toxic as hell, and the whole family is in on it.", "link_id": "t3_gcmi8h", "time": 1588520096}}
{"fpczj1i": {"text": "The fact that you're responding to this commenter, shows how much you've internalized the idea that your job is to aesthetically please your SO. It's not your job to do that. Truly. It's an insidious part of the way we were raised as young girls, but this is not okay. You are good enough as your are. It would never occur to you to say something to your SO like this -- BECAUSE IT'S WRONG. It's not okay to to critique your partners body. That isn't a loving act, it's controlling, demeaning, and just plain mean.", "link_id": "t3_gcqhhl", "time": 1588516552}}
{"fp871jj": {"text": "It's not clear from your post if you're still living with the abusive boyfriend and are currently still using drugs. That's really unfortunate that you've been through that, and it means that you're going to have to go the extra mile to provide a safe, drug-free, peaceful home to your boys. You could try and get a lawyer now and go to court, but if your ex can prove that your home is unsafe, and that you have an active drug problem, then I don't think that the judge will look favorably onto the whole \"ex won't let me see the kids\" issue. You absolutely must get clean and get a safe living environment. Honestly, you don't have a lot of time - your kids are old enough that they're truly watching what you do and what you say. They may not remember much from when they were little and their dad was gone - All they know is what's happening right now. It's really confusing for a kid when their parents are saying conflicting things. I was a kid in that exact situation. What you learn is to watch what people do, not what they say. Do they lie? Do they talk about people behind their back? Do they keep their promises? That's why you gotta get it together and be that honest, dependable, safe parent for them. I'm rooting for you.", "link_id": "t3_gb5ozw", "time": 1588385153}}
{"fp40nnz": {"text": "I think of it as having to brute force myself into a routine and healthy behaviors. In a more lucid moment, I made a list of dos and don'ts. I wrote them on a giant whiteboard and kept it where I'd see it constantly. I gave myself rules - no dating apps, no craft stores, don't use people, don't use drugs, don't wait until you feel like going to sleep to go to bed (hint: cause you're never going to want to), no dieting, limit exercise to 1 hour, limit screen time. I also listed things I should do when I feel bad, starting with whatever feels the easiest or most manageable: take a shower, put on clean clothes, brush my teeth, walk the dog, sit in the sunshine for 15 minutes, clean a closet, scrub something, practice an instrument, do a meditation or mindfulness exercise, make a gratitude list. It can be impossible for me to think of what to do in that moment where I feel terrible or completely out of control. Having a list made by me for me really helps. I found that being alone is bad, but being with people who are out-of-control is worse. Finding a babysitter for youself is helpful, but we can often be annoying and needy when manic, so don't wear out your welcome. If you have a healthy sexual outlet, that can help get out some of that energy and help you sleep better. It has to be someone who respects your boundaries and will practice safe sex, no matter what you say to the contrary. No new sex partners though - we have little ability to make smart choices re: sex when hypomanic/manic.I bet there's a crisis line for your area. You ought to call it and find out what resources are available to you before to have full insurance. Lots of support groups and NAMI groups are online, and you can find a lot of connection and solid advice there.If you have any specific questions, I'm happy to share.", "link_id": "t3_gaxxhn", "time": 1588289377}}
{"fp302l5": {"text": "Sounds like you're rapid cycling to me. Been there - it sucks. You need a doc, meds, and a therapist ASAP. The lack of sleep, paranoia, and hallucinations are a BIG deal. Write down all your symptoms and the rough timeline of the symptoms.", "link_id": "t3_gaxxhn", "time": 1588270782}}
{"fp2yfv9": {"text": "I love growing salads. I've never had an issue with lettuce, herbs, and radishes in the shorter beds. They grow really well, IMO. My newest garden (new house) has the best soil I've ever purchased, so I'm doing some side by side comparisons this year. I'm guessing that 1 foot of great soil out performs 2 feet of mediocre soil. I cant wait to see the results. So long as there's adequate watering, I think you'll be fine with most things, besides carrots, potatoes, etc that need the depth just due to growing underground. I'm also trying a variety of carrot that supposedly grows well in shallower beds to compare vs. my other carrots. We put in a good watering system since it gets wicked hot and very dry during our summers.", "link_id": "t3_gaowc9", "time": 1588269991}}
{"fp2kacl": {"text": "Carrots, turnips, potatoes, etc. like the deeper soil. Honestly, I think most things prefer the deeper soil if you can manage it. I have 48 sqft of 1' and 32 sqft of the 2'.", "link_id": "t3_gaowc9", "time": 1588263212}}
{"fp0me7j": {"text": "My kids are not autistic, but not neurotypical either. My BFF's oldest has autism and is also my older kid's BFF too. Transitions are HARD on sensitive kids. And there's only so much you can do to mitigate it. I can understand your coparent's frustration regarding those problematic behaviors popping up after getting back from your house. I used to blame my ex, too for the kids coming back with upset stomachs, high anxiety, weird rashes, etc. But a lot of that is just kids being kids, including kids on the spectrum. Kids get bumps, bruises, weird habits and strange hangups, no matter how much you try to control every variable. I gotta say that I didn't fully realize it until I had my second kid. Sounds like your ex isn't there yet.I would try to be patient and forgiving with your ex, and gently remind them that transitions are harder for kids on the spectrum, but transitions are part of life. If you look at the situation from a certain angle, you see that it's also you ex having big problems with the transitions, not just your child. You probably already know this, but preventing all of your kid's stressful triggers prevents them from learning coping skills. And we can't take every one of our kid's issues or tantrums as some sort of personal attack.", "link_id": "t3_gada1n", "time": 1588212200}}
{"foyxik2": {"text": "That amount of child support is absolutely unacceptable. BEYOND unacceptable for 3 kids. The amount of child support he pays is entirely a separate matter from your relationship with him or how frequently he sees the children. Do NOT go easy on him because you feel guilty or sorry for him. Poverty is one of the most stressful things that you may face as a consequence of this breakup. As for child support, he owes that money to his children, not to you. It's generally around 30% of his income for 3 kids. For reference, depending on how much money you each make, you will probably end up spending 50% or more of your own income on the children. Just daycare for 3 is probably going to more than wipe out how much child support your receive. Being a single parent is financially one of the most difficult things I've ever been through, and I get a generous amount of support. Kids are so expensive - make a spreadsheet, seriously. You may need it for court.  Depending on your country - get the healthcare for the kids squared away too. Where I am, the noncustodial parent is usually responsible for healthcare expenses. This too is a major expense of having children, so don't let this issue go either in the name of keeping the peace. Again - poverty sucks. The last thing your kids need is no dad AND dealing with the challenges of growing up really poor. As for him as a parent, set your expectations at zero. He is clearly in some sort of personal crisis or he would have at least called his kid for his birthday. I've been in pretty much the same situation - my ex bought an expensive \"toy\" for himself that week, and bought his kid nothing for his 3rd birthday. He did basically the same thing for my other child that year. I don't know that I've ever cried harder than those birthdays, and I felt so alone. Go ahead and assume that you're not going to see him again. It sucks, but don't set your expectations based on what a good parent would do. He is not a good parent right now. Maybe he'll get it together in a few years and go to therapy and work out his issues, but right now, he's not capable of being a good parent. I'd advise you to just accept that as a fact, and let the anger go. Being angry won't help you, won't help your kids, and won't help the situation.There are free legal resources in many places. You don't necessarily need to spend a lot of money to get this done. Start with your county or city and look for free services. You're not the first mom with no resources to be in this position. Worst case, borrow money from a family member or friend so that you have the resources to get your custody schedule and child support set in stone, giving yourself the rights that you want in terms of making unilateral decisions for the kids. BTW, if he doesn't even show up for court, that's actually good for your case. As for the breakup, don't put too much stock in what he said as a reason for breaking up. Having three kids is hard - I'm sure it put a damper on his social life and he resented it. Based on the ages of your kids, you guys got together when you were really young and you've been in that \"parenting babies and toddlers\" phase for years at this point. That's tough on everyone. Just keep putting one foot in front of the other, and you'll get through this. That was a long response, but as someone in your shoes, I feel for you. I wish someone had told me all this stuff - I didn't even know where to start, and I wanted to keep being \"the good guy.\" Keep your eye on what you need in the long run - enough child support to not be broke for the next 18 years, and the rights to determine where your kids go to school, make medical decisions, etc. Do whatever you have to do to fight your way to that future for you all. Good luck.", "link_id": "t3_ga5fxd", "time": 1588181019}}
{"foviq54": {"text": "I think that this is the best response to your question. OP, you're showing some red flags in a few ways here. Let's assume that I'm the woman you're dating...1 - You falling and developing intense feelings, high hopes, etc. in such a short amount of time indicates that you're falling before you even truly know who I am. To me, that means that you're falling for your ideal of me, rather than the actual person I am, and you're just trying to slot me into the woman-shaped hole in your life. Someone who feels super-strongly about me in a very short amount of time is an indicator of bad judgment. You barely know me! \"Not ready for a serious relationship\" could mean \"Not ready to have the level of intensity you're bringing to this relationship.\"2 - You come across as someone who has a lot of time to text and wants to text frequently, and you take offense when someone is busy and isn't into texting as much as you are. This may take you out of the running with a large proportion of women. For someone like me, I find that amount of texting to be very high-maintenance and usually really boring. My work is high-maintenance, my family, my house, my dogs, etc. I've got a lot of high-maintenance parts of my life, and dating is supposed to be fun, not work. I'd rather look forward to our time together, talk about our week, and genuinely connect. \"Don't have time for a relationship\" could mean \"I don't have time to meet all your emotional needs because I'm busy with other important parts of my life.\"I'm not saying OP should date me or my clone, but from someone in the general age bracket and dating more or less successfully, the above issues would have me ghosting after a few dates, too.", "link_id": "t3_g9p7cy", "time": 1588101997}}
{"fosocqm": {"text": "Hi from another single mom with bipolar. It sounds like you and your ex need formal boundaries first - a legal parenting plan/custody schedule, official child support. To be the best version of yourself for your kid, you gotta stay on top of your meds and your health. If you're in a depressed swing, call your doc and tell them what's up. Being newly diagnosed is hard, and one thing you've got to learn how to do is to advocate for youself with your medical team. Med adjustments are totally normal for us, and it's not a failure to need to ask for a change to address a new issue or symptom that's come up. First of all, you have GOT to stop hooking up with your kid's dad. You can't have a FWB who cheats and lies about sex. Period. Find a new FWB with has communication skills and no history of lying to you or guilt tripping you. There's no penis shortage in the world, btw. And you've also got to find a way to transition into being coparents instead of exes. You can shoot the shit with your ex on a friendly level, but you can't be best friends right now. You are exactly the wrong people to help eachother heal from your breakup. You both need to adjust to the new normal of being parents, not partners. It's probably really hard to imagine your future right now as everything's changing, but it's better to have no boyfriend than one you can't trust. Your kid can absolutely be healthy and happy without parents who live together. Whatever faults your coparent has as a parent, those things arent fixable by you staying together. Good luck. You've already made a bunch of positive changes.", "link_id": "t3_g8uiwn", "time": 1588034706}}
{"fos3moz": {"text": "There's not much you can do about this low-key bad parenting. I think you're only hurting yourself by declaring this incident as unforgivable. Because you're going to have to let this one go, unfortunately. If he's already comfortable lying to your face and asking your kid to lie, then your indignation about the whole thing isn't going to be a deterrent at all. You could just keep this one under your hat, make a note of it, but not let your ex know that you know.If you just HAVE to say something about it, I think the best way to address the behavior is something along the lines of, \"So what's the deal with the trip to Wal-Mart?\" There might be a somewhat reasonable (to him) explanation for why they had to go in, and at least you'll find out what that justification is. I'm guessing that your ex couldn't figure out how to spend time with the kids, and a new toy is an easy way to get the kids focused on something. I think you did the right thing with your kid by reinforcing that truth-telling is always okay. And keep your reputation for being a truth-teller intact, which it seems like you value highly.There's no way to get what you want here - your ex lies. And best-case scenario, he admits he was wrong and he says that he won't do it again or whatever, but again - he lies. In the best-case scenario, you still lose.", "link_id": "t3_g97926", "time": 1588023369}}
{"fon8edv": {"text": "He sounds very high-maintenance. He lets you know he's \"disappointed\" when you dont meet invisisble expectations. That's actually super controlling. He thinks it's your job to both read his mind and cater to his every unspoken whim. Barf. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that he's for some seriously screwed up family dynamics from childhood. That type of thinking/dynamic isn't something easily solved by a rational grownup conversation. That's a \"spend a few years in therapy\" issue.", "link_id": "t3_g8f004", "time": 1587914449}}
{"fon55yv": {"text": "The problem is that you want keep alive this fantasy version of what it would be like to be in a long-term, committed relationship with her. Staying \"in love\" with the idea of her is taking away from the real relationships you have and want to have. Sometimes when we admire someone, we choose to see what we want to see. When we \"read between the lines\"  of someone else's history or character, we can often fill in those gaps with the most flattering or positive assumptions. The real truth of someone is always more complicated than our imagined version. I'm guilty of doing this myself, and I'll \"wake up\" and find myself mid-relationship with a real, flawed person, and not the version I had created in my head. You've got to let the facts and reality of that person's behavior outweigh the pretend version. Sometimes that means breaking up, letting go, or accepting the complicated truth of the people we love. In your case, this woman is not a good friend to you. She's not the thoughtful, loyal friend and girlfriend to you that you want. The fantasy version of her isn't an option, and the real, flawed version of her isn't an option for you either. You can choose to hold onto the idea of what might have been, or you can choose to take steps forward.", "link_id": "t3_g8f4bf", "time": 1587912465}}
{"fo11uyo": {"text": "I've started to invest more in my friendship relationships, rather than the more sexual ones. I don't think you can effectively substitute hobbies for human connection. I also think that to describe yourself as broken doesn't give you the right perspective, and sells yourself short. You're a growing and changing actual person, not a piece of inert pottery. You have agency and are loveable. You get to spend some time healing and growing, and that's a great thing.", "link_id": "t3_g514gp", "time": 1587424075}}
{"fo0zqa6": {"text": "Oh my gosh - saving this to help explain to folks. I can do alterous (awesome) and/or sexual (equally awesome), but my brain just can't do that romantic, staring meaningfully into each other's eyes over a candlelit dinner (gross).", "link_id": "t3_g4thfj", "time": 1587422874}}
{"fo0z2nb": {"text": "Yeah, they do. I don't mind it, but that's just me. I have a pretty high emotion IQ and enough emotional bandwidth to help other folks right now. I'm part of a support group, and spend time helping bipolar folks and talking about mental health. I don't meet many folks who want to be in the bipolar club, though. Mania is just so much harder to understand than depression, so I try not to be hard on folks that don't quite get it. Even my bipolar 2 friends don't totally get it. I am laughing at your naive roommate saying\"I woke up excited, like I was on drugs.\" I would have rolled my eyes so hard and responded with \"sure, and then I did some actual drugs, had sex with a stranger, started a business, painted an oil painting about the dual nature of spirituality, and then tried to be a social media influencer.\" Or you know, insert your own details here. Some people just don't understand the magnitude of difference between normal activities and decisions, like splurging on a new purse (normal), and engaging in manic spending &amp; buying a dozen purses because you love your best friends so much, and you're all going to go to Cabo together for a trip that you just dreamed up and are now making a spreadsheet of everyone's itinerary. Just writing that sentence gives me a little thrill, honestly. Let's go to Cabo on a post-quarantine girls trip!Seriously though, I do see a lot of miserable people who are undiagnosed or underdiagnosed with depression and anxiety. I've known quite a few people who are struggling with very high baseline anxiety, some to the point that I've gently suggested that they might have Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I'm lucky to be in a position to offer useful resources, and to offer a pro-medication viewpoint for anxiety treatment. A lot of people don't know how to advocate for themselves with their PCP or how to go about finding a pdoc. I've spoken to people struggling with substance abuse, often self-medicating for something mental health related (goodness knows I've been there). You can set healthy boundaries and decide not to talk about bipolar, but for the most part, with people in my daily life, I think it's better to share the magnitude of what we go through.", "link_id": "t3_g4zm1k", "time": 1587422508}}
{"fo0utjy": {"text": "Check your county's website for free legal resources. Our local law school had folks on staff who reviewed the last draft of our divorce decree and parenting plan before we filed with the court. I was surprised that the service was free. We saved hundreds of dollars just for that.", "link_id": "t3_g4zevb", "time": 1587420172}}
{"fo0k6fn": {"text": "I'd go the route of finding a family law lawyer who specializes in mediation. There are plenty of people who do \"kitchen table divorces\", but there are often issues that come up that need a lawyer anyway. You're not actually getting divorced, but the concept is the same. They'll make sure that you've got your bases covered as much as possible. My lawyer's advice was that you can't make a parenting plan / custody agreement that covers everything - it's why your best option is to preserve a good working relationship with your coparent. There are even professionals who specialize in helping coparents negotiate their parenting plan. That's the route I recommend; have a professional proof it, make sure you've addressed everything, and help you to file it properly according to the laws in your area.", "link_id": "t3_g4zevb", "time": 1587414606}}
{"fnzv4v8": {"text": "Congrats on getting to stable! But yeah, as you said, it won't last forever. You'll have wobbles, but that doesn't mean it'll be as bad as before. Try to use this period of stability to build up the resources and habits that'll keep you going when you're having a wobble. Ingrain those habits of taking meds on a schedule, practicing grooming, dishes and laundry, clean your closet. Go see the dentist, find a support group, etc. Make a plan for what you're going to do when you feel youself sliding into mania or depression. I think of all of those things as providing ballast for your ship. Some days you'll be in calm waters, and it won't matter if you've done those things or not. But when you hit big storms and rough seas, you'll need those things to keep your ship upright and to weather the storm. It just feels so good to not be depressed or manic, just happy and in between storms.", "link_id": "t3_g4q9il", "time": 1587401289}}
{"fnz9z46": {"text": "Kill that bitch with kindness. Like, practice over the top friendliness. Learn her name, compliment her hair, act like she's your very favorite customer. \"Hi Karen! Great to see you! Would you like your regular? Awesome! We will make it at the window for you we can make sure it's right. Pull on through to the window. Thank you!\" Introduce her to the green beans, \"Charlie, have you met Karen yet? She's one of our awesome regulars. She likes an ice coffee with classic and almond milk.\" It works better when they come into the cafe, but I bet you could use the stupid drive-thru camera for the game too. It's worked for me with some cantankerous AF assholes. I'm an ex-barista now, but that's a transferable skill without a doubt.", "link_id": "t3_g4f2ug", "time": 1587389705}}
{"fnxmtrp": {"text": "I think the color palette is so cool and neutral, that you'll need to add in additional colors and textures to get a cozier, warmer feel to the room. Minimalist AND cozy is tricky. I'd look for more inspiration from Scandinavian  styles to bring that together.", "link_id": "t3_g4cmb1", "time": 1587341951}}
{"fnsgxr4": {"text": "One more thing I saw - the floors. They're blah instead of contributing to the style of the space. They could be a fun focal point in each room, and ground the furniture a bit more. Id go wood, or wood-tile with area rugs.", "link_id": "t3_g3boo9", "time": 1587221388}}
{"fnsgefg": {"text": "The a few things that stick out to me:1. There are the are no frames on the art in the dining room. I'd use a wood tone that's repeated elsewhere in the home. Easy fix. I'd do the living room too, but it's less distracting in that room. 2. From a plant nerd perspective, you filled the dark room with plants that would certainly die. It's hard to get plants to flower indoors, btw, so that's either going to be a fake plant or a dead plant. Both not good choices.  AND the bigger crime is that you have that very bright and sunny dining room - you could put in a really cool sculptural tree - rubber tree or fiddle leaf fig. (Thats like a plant-flex to have a monster tree in your house.) Monstera plants are also very unique looking; I'm sure you've seen prints of them, but they're not that hard to grow. Check out the houseplants subreddit for ideas of what's possible. I'm a fan of filling a house with as many plants as will happily grow while fitting the space. It softens up all the hard lines and wood tones in 3. There's no room for day-to-day living stuff. For example, if you have a record player, you probably have more than 10 records to store nearby. I have a super beefy teak credenza to hold my dining room stuff (to be fair, it's mostly board games). In my opinion, the only way to actually live in a space that's *that* aesthetically nice (and it is lovely, btw) is to put attractive storage everywhere you can so it stays uncluttered. Open shelves don't count IMO, since their contents have to be do carefully curated.Nice job - I'd want to live there if I could bring my board games and plants.", "link_id": "t3_g3boo9", "time": 1587221057}}
{"fnpyjyr": {"text": "I think a really nice candle or pricey journal is a great gift. A luxurious version of an everyday item is the basic idea.", "link_id": "t3_g38tic", "time": 1587154342}}
{"fnox3wk": {"text": "I think that you may need to adjust your expectations on this, because it might not work out that you'll get to attend. If your kiddo is bright and hardworking enough to have this honor and award ceremony, there are many more in your future post-COVID. The reality of being divorced is that you don't get to be there for every Christmas morning. But you do get to celebrate at other times and you do have control over that. You get to make your own traditions and celebrate milestones however you choose. What I'd do in your shoes is have cookies delivered to where your kid is, and ask your kid to call you for a quick video chat when she gets them. So you get to have a mini-celebration close to the time of the ceremony. And then maybe you have a pizza party when she's back at your place. Bake a cake, put up streamers, etc. Order the new Trolls movie, and watching your pajamas. Whatever sounds fun. There's nothing saying that the official ceremony is what matters. Kids usually think those ceremonies are boring as hell anyway.", "link_id": "t3_g2hd6h", "time": 1587135253}}
{"fngfclc": {"text": "I used to date a guy who would drop by with little gifts and desserts with no notice. I was naive enough to not realize it was some light stalking, until it finally clicked. He would coerce me into spending time with him on nights that I was with other people, or just wanted to be alone. He was checking up on me - who I was with, how I was dressed, whose car was in front of my place, etc. It seemed thoughtful and romantic, but it was actually really controlling. This guy is pushing his oen agenda and taking away your choices, without you noticing (at first). Think about it this way -- did he actually ask for your enthusiastic consent for this whole adventure-sleepover thing he had planned? Or is it more likely that he's bored, pushy, and horny and was hoping you'd go along with it?", "link_id": "t3_g1jv1t", "time": 1586930490}}
{"fn6xy4j": {"text": "Well you should 110% have a court order. It seems unnecessary when things are going well, but you never know when the shit will hit the fan. And you'll be beating yourself up that you didn't get it done. Like my child support was informally agree to for awhile, and then my ex is laid off. And decides that maybe child support only counts when he's employed. (He has plenty of savings, btw and was making 6 figures.) Uh, no - daycare is 1400/month whether or not he's employed. And I make practically peanuts now since I was a SAHM for awhile and just not starting a career. So yeah, get that court order in place while things aren't awful, because otherwise you'll have no leverage for when things go south. And your ex is being shady. And I say that as someone who has taken photos of my ex's house. To be fair, it was godawful messy, trash everywhere, and smelled so so strongly of cat pee and poop. I'm not proud that I had sneakily take evidence, but I felt like I was doing the right thing for the kids. I'm sure your ex (rightly or wrongly) thinks they're advocating for the kids too.", "link_id": "t3_fzva8a", "time": 1586709517}}
{"fn6k0cr": {"text": "Hey, I'm bipolar also, and in a large support group for bipolar folks. There's lots of folks in my group that are partnered and in long-term relationships. I even know bipolarnfolks married to eachother. It's easier to have a healthy relationship when you're diagnosed and have your meds and triggers figured out. I wouldn't count yourself out of a life-long relationship just because of bipolar. It's pretty common that pre-diagnosis relationships don't end well. The full statistics are available somewhere, but first marriages of bipolar folks are basically doomed. I think that my journey of figuring my own head out, therapy, finding balance, helping other folks in my support group, etc. actually makes me a much better partner than I'd be otherwise. I'm not exactly glad that I have bipolar, but it's a make lemonade out of lemons situation. Hang in there, its not so dismal.", "link_id": "t3_fzivas", "time": 1586701219}}
{"fn5f7y8": {"text": "If your kid likes/is gifted in math (I've got one who complains about being bored too), I highly recommend Beast Academy. We've always had to homeschool math, even though he goes to public school. BA goes deeper and requires more critical thinking, and has the kids looking for elegant solutions over strict, repetitive, grind-it-out computations. My kid finishes the school assignment in like 5 minutes (it takes longer to upload his work than for him to complete it). But then I have him do Beast Academy for around another 30 mins at least in a related topic. They have challenge (trophy) problems that the whole family can do together, and I love that. After your kid completes the whole program, it feeds into AOPS which can prep kids for math competitions. Works for us. I wish I had a science homeschool program as high-quality.", "link_id": "t3_fzlc2u", "time": 1586663294}}
{"fn55xpk": {"text": "I think Mario Party is a good family pick. My kids and I played the rhythm minigames the other day, and we definitely were dancing and moving around. Plus, it's accessible gameplay even for folks that don't play games much. Depending on how spry they are, the Just Dance games are hilarious to play with your family.", "link_id": "t3_fznpor", "time": 1586656707}}
{"fn424hs": {"text": "First off, self-care for yourself right now includes distancing yourself emotionally from your friend. Her saying that she's jealous of your bipolar and trying to make you serve as her therapist/pdoc... that's so NOT okay. Both of you need a support system that has healthy people in it. When I'm in a mixed episode, I'm easily influenced by the people around me, and I can't be around other sick people when I'm trying to get stable. As for finding care right now, online appointments are a thing. I was able to get ahold of  oth my psych and my kid's psych for urgent concerns this week. My kid sees his therapist online weekly. I also help run a support group for bipolar folks, and we run online meetings most days of the week. I've been told that NAMI is running their meetings online, too. Please don't assume that you can't get in to see someone. Another resource I recommend is Calm Harm, which is an app that is meant to help you stay safe when you're thinking about self-harm. There's the national suicide prevention helpline, and they have a chat option now too. Your local area may have a helpline too to connect you to local resources. You do need meds (obviously) for your health, but you need a doctor who can monitor you and prescribe them on an ongoing basis. Try to remember that mood episodes always end. And that you won't always feel suicidal. It's like having the flu and you keep vomiting. It sucks a lot, but it will stop, and you will feel better. Suicidal thoughts are lies from a sick brain. It's not your fault that your brain is sick right now. Push through and get yourself an intake appointment. You are a good thing in this world, even if you can't see the truth of that right now. Stay safe, friend.", "link_id": "t3_fz608f", "time": 1586632511}}
{"fmzw3z6": {"text": "You're going to have to find it in yourself to not react emotionally in this situation. This situation sucks for you and is heartbreaking for your kids. BUT when you emotionally text your ex, you get yourself further away from the result you want. You're going to have to focus on the big picture, and let anger go while you work on your ultimate goal of having a stable, loving household for your kids.First stop is filing paperwork for child support. It varies by state, but your ex owes his kids money for their needs. The child support is a responsibility to the children, not the other parent. Do not let pride or peacemaking lead you to not filing ASAP. As a single mom, I can tell you it won't even come close to covering the costs of your kids, but you're going to need every penny of it (unless you're independently weathly). Listen to zero boohoooing from the ex about how he can't afford 30% of his salary for child support. YOU will be spending far more than 30% of your own on the children. Daycare and summer camps for 3? Ouch.  Secondly, visitation. Ideally, he gets his shit together enough for the usual every other weekend and 1 weeknight dinner schedule. Right now, he's clearly in a bad place and isn't capable of navigating parenthood. I'm guessing he feels overwhelmed and like running away from all his responsibilities and relationships. The reason he gave for the breakup is indication of that. Maybe you are controlling, but that might also be what the situation requires. My BFF is a mom of three and what I see is that you've got to be organized and efficient to get everybody taken care of. Especially if you don't have much help from the kids' dad. At any rate, you need a lawyer to make sure you have the parenting rights you want, and to inform you about what ability you have to set the visitation schedule. If your ex is scheduled to see the kids and he bails, that's a big deal to the court. But you have to have the official schedule in place first before he is held to any standard. TLDR: Don't angrily or emotionally text your ex - it won't help anything or anyone. Instead, call that lawyer ASAP because 3 kids will make you broke.", "link_id": "t3_fybf2b", "time": 1586530735}}
{"fmyloc7": {"text": "A series of emoji flags in a bio. Or a written out list of cities where a person has lived. Eeew, so cringey. And completely useless as info without any context.", "link_id": "t3_fxxb5v", "time": 1586489207}}
{"flgo05a": {"text": "Do you happen to know if you can get an exception? Filed jointly last year, ex makes tons of money. Divorced in January, and I make &lt;40k.", "link_id": "t3_fopc8h", "time": 1585146861}}
{"fl6zz35": {"text": "I have to go in for two days next week. I hate going to the office (I have been taking social distancing really seriously) but I'm glad to check on my plants. I bet they haven't been getting enough light.", "link_id": "t3_fmrc62", "time": 1584889690}}
{"fl6xn01": {"text": "Not all admin assistant jobs are equal. At my company the expectations are close to unreasonable. They should hire a second person, but they don't. I make basically the same as the AA, but her job is far more difficult than mine. The lack of respect that some of the higher ups show her is remarkable to me. I've been in similar positions before and it's not the worst job - food service was worse by far. The pay for AAs isn't \"livable\" in my opinion; at least in my city. Many places won't pay more than $18/hr, despite being awesome at your job and having been there for many years. I'm not saying you shouldn't apply to AA jobs if that appeals to you. But I'd tell you to find a career instead that has upward mobility and a higher pay cap.", "link_id": "t3_fmuc4c", "time": 1584886998}}
{"fkf542o": {"text": "I bought my kids a monstera for their room. I can't wait to show them this. The 4 year old calls it his Monster Plant.", "link_id": "t3_fi1m1v", "time": 1584127240}}
{"fkf4kix": {"text": "I have a new definition of \"relationship goals\" now. Top notch communication.  And twice as much space for houseplants.", "link_id": "t3_fhzq2i", "time": 1584126924}}
{"fke1e3t": {"text": "There are great propagation videos on YouTube. Just look for plant name plus propagation. I'll warn you -- most plants you have can be propagated and the next thing you know, your house is covered in baby plant experiments. It's a terrible affliction, lol.", "link_id": "t3_fhtng5", "time": 1584102524}}
{"fke06oc": {"text": "I think it's worth a proper screening for depression and anxiety. As someone who has these, I can tell you that they make reality look bleaker than it really is, but just as importantly, it gets in the way of making meaningful and healthy connections with others. She might be experiencing these things fleetingly, but lots of people start their lifelong struggle with mental health in their teens. A therapist might be just as important as increased exposure to new groups.", "link_id": "t3_fhlb5l", "time": 1584101501}}
{"fkaqds0": {"text": "I'm sending you some tough love right now, mom to mom. Your son needs his mom. Not a replacement mom, YOU. You do what you gotta do to be the healthy, stable mom that kid needs. That part of you that didn't want to miss his first birthday? That's the deep, authentic, real you. And that is who you need to listen to right now. You don't want to miss all of the birthdays to come either. There's no such thing as \"getting over\" losing your mom, so don't do that to him. Get meds, get therapy, and get inpatient care right the fuck now, friend. And get that arm stitched up properly; let those stitches be the sign that you've been through the shit, and fought your way back out.  As for your friends and family, I think it's worth letting them have that distance they need. They're in over their heads, and they don't have the tools to help you right now. I'd write more, but I've got kids to get to school. Much compassion and support from this house to yours, lady.", "link_id": "t3_fh6epq", "time": 1584016790}}
{"fk9prnj": {"text": "I appreciate your response about medication. It feels like an impossible choice either way right now. Finding meds that work can be a long, exhausting process, but I've been so much happier since I found my combination that works for my brain. It's awful how some kids are overmedicated and some are woefully ignored, even when shouting for help. There's no fairness to it. I guess injust want to see my kid in a euthymic place again. One day at a time, eh?", "link_id": "t3_fh5h6z", "time": 1583980867}}
{"fk9p51g": {"text": "Thanks for your response. I think that the mindfulness aspect is something that we can make progress on, and right away, too. We do guided meditations for anxiety at night to fall asleep, and I think we can easily try out some mindfulness ones as well. Thanks for your perspective!", "link_id": "t3_fh5h6z", "time": 1583980498}}
{"fjlospi": {"text": "Totally this. My son (8 years old) told me he's a big Pete Buttigieg fan. Pretty sure it's not his political views we are talking about. Personally, I think Chasten is the cuter one in that marriage, but to each their own.", "link_id": "t3_fdr1at", "time": 1583451062}}
{"fim0iiy": {"text": "Compulsive creativity is a symptom for my people in a mood episode. Hypergraphia is pretty common. It's one of the less awful symptoms of my hypomania.", "link_id": "t3_f8grh6", "time": 1582514912}}
{"fhwekv1": {"text": "I was out for over two weeks because a grilled cheese burnt my hand so badly. I got a new job not long after. I'm furious this sandwich is such a known danger and it hasn't been pulled. Yes food service is dangerous, but if this sandwich had burnt the shit out of a dozen customers, would it still be available? Stay safe, y'all. And maybe complain about that dumb sandwich on partner surveys.", "link_id": "t3_f4qfwc", "time": 1581913657}}
{"fhgbors": {"text": "I think that your best bet is to change the custody order so that it takes into account his actual work schedule. Right now the default is that you just have the kids 100% unless he feels like making the time for them, and the custody order isn't happening at all. That's not fair to anybody. Working weekends isn't the problem - it's having no realistic custody schedule in place. And you're perfectly entitled to be cheesed off that he's getting away with so little parenting time, while he pretends that it's only work that's getting in the way.", "link_id": "t3_f2tbpi", "time": 1581563123}}
{"fh7qo0c": {"text": "I think the way he reacted to you calling out his behavior is actually way worse than the whole cuddling event in the first place. Gaslighting, blaming everyone else, being combative instead of sorry, etc. He is showing his true character, and it's not pretty. This exact situation may or may not happen again, but you can be sure that the next time he is called on his bad behavior, he is going to go back to his usual playbook of deny, defend, blame others, and gaslight. How many more years do you want that in your daily life?", "link_id": "t3_f1onh5", "time": 1581342012}}
{"fh6uaxl": {"text": "I think you handled this specific incident really well. My ex is terrible about answering my texts, calls, and emails in a timely manner. My kids know that I can send a message to their dad, but they don't expect anything back anymore. I try not to cover for their dad much because it's too easy to get sucked into the habit of enabling the crappy behavior by fixing the consequences. \"Dad is proud\" is an easy enough white lie, I think. Btw, I'm raising boys too and teaching them to cook and clean for themselves is a big priority for my parenting. My kids like doing fruit salad because they can work together to cut and wash the fruits. I bet your kiddo could make one too all by himself, too. Having a bad day -- Boom! Sounds like a a perfect day for fruit salad for dinner.", "link_id": "t3_f1jwgk", "time": 1581306275}}
{"fgokavg": {"text": "\"Ok, Boomer.\"It's dismissive and infuriating. Bonus points if they're not even a Boomer. My kids make me want to punch them when they say it; it's just that effective.", "link_id": "t3_ezfc4m", "time": 1580973234}}
{"fg6sffh": {"text": "I think this attitude of \"doctors are male by default\" really is changing with the younger generation. My 6 year old son was shocked to learn that not all doctors are female -- because that's all he's ever experienced (except for an anesthesiologist, who of course he wouldn't remember). My boys talk about being surgeons when they grow up -- because all the doctors they have met are both really smart and really compassionate. I think the younger generation may be just as likely to have female role models as male ones. Or at least, I'm trying to raise my boys that way, and I know I'm not alone in that.", "link_id": "t3_ex0uhw", "time": 1580575819}}
{"fftj0po": {"text": "I had a similar reaction to reading about this. I have bipolar and anxiety. Anything that causes hallucinations, dissociation, and possible psychosis seems dicey for someone who is prone to those things. I worry about people with Bipolar II who don't know it yet, and then they're pushed into a full manic episode. Like, cocaine is bad news for bipolar folks.", "link_id": "t3_ev1brp", "time": 1580221824}}
{"ffsk590": {"text": "I think you really need to spend some time examining why you were uncomfortable with your BF spending time with his coparent and their child together. Based on the ages of everyone involved, your BF and his ex were really young when they got together, they likely went through a lot together as young parents. Ask more questions, without feeling jealous or insecure in your relationship. I think you're seeing their relationship as \"only exes\" rather than people who are going to spend the next 14 years working together on an incredibly important project. They're are going to HAVE to hang out together (kid events, milestones, etc.) And its actually a good thing if they can get along well enough to do that in a friendly manner. My ex and I have known eachother since we were kids. His family was my family. We spend time chatting at drop offs/pick ups, and when we have important shit going on, we tend to have longer, more frequent chats about it. We try to support eachother and help the other make good decisions. We have both changed a lot since we split, and I think our chats help us redefine how we see the other. I'm on friendly terms with his fiancee, but we don't have much in common besides the fact that she loves my kids, too. Me being friends with my ex doesn't mean I want to get back with him or influence his relationship. We've just known eachother a long time, and it's a lot easier to be friends when we don't have to live together. I'm not saying that your BF and his ex have the same relationship that my ex and I do, but hopefully you can see that it can be positive for everyone when the coparents get along and spend enough time together to continue to work together.", "link_id": "t3_eutnoa", "time": 1580183694}}
{"ffnf8nv": {"text": "I think it's possible that you have bipolar, either along with PMDD or possibly instead PMDD. I have both. They feed on the instability of the other. Getting on different meds may make a big difference for you too. Regular depression meds will make bipolar worse, which in turn makes for more dramatic PMDD episodes. I was at my most unstable and miserable when I was on only an antidepressant (Welbutrin). I was having one serious mood episode during \"hell week\" and then a rebound episode about two weeks later. It was a rollercoaster of shittiness. The way you've mentioned your mom's abuse makes me think she has a possible mood or personality disorder. (My dad is probably a narcissist, and my mom has her own mental health challenges.) These things are highly heritable, which isn't your fault. I say all this to encourage you to talk honestly with your psychiatrist. Suicidal thoughts are not something to just wave away. If you were vomiting uncontrollably, you'd see a doctor. Suicidal ideation is every bit as serious. Please prioritize your health before your mom's feelings about your health.", "link_id": "t3_eu4gx1", "time": 1580065220}}
{"ffncutf": {"text": "I attend/host a support group for bipolar folks. It's made a huge difference in my life, and I've made a lot of bipolar friends. Having bipolar friends means I'm not afraid to speak casually about the parts of it that affect my day to day life. I also appreciate the relationships that I have where I can run a decision past a friend, and ask if it's a hypomanic-decision that I've rationalized, or if it is a rational decision that I'm just excited about. We help eachother stay stable. I hope you have a good experience at your group!", "link_id": "t3_eu9px0", "time": 1580064403}}
{"ff8574t": {"text": "This isn't harsh at all - it's straight up reality. After ditching my stoner-baby ex, you'd better believe I'm looking for someone who has their shit together. I did some dating with an open-mind and nearly no dealbreakers, but honestly there's a lot of dudes who aren't equipped to be a full partner. Its exhausting, and I'm tired of doing more than my share. It's hard to know how to explain to dudes what I'm talking about when I mean have your shit together. Also some of the ones that think they do have huge blind spots. Ex: living room decor is dominated by an ottoman that their dog destroyed 3+ months ago. I have multiple guy friends that I used to have crushes on with this SAME ottoman issue; hard to crush on someone who lives with garbage in their living room. I don't want to be like, \"I'm not driving 100% of the time because you don't have a car. I'm not hosting 100% of the time because you can't figure out laundry, towels, and buying toilet paper. I want to have a fun weekend without mentally calculating if you're overspending and you're going to complain about being broke for the rest of the month, and without understanding why that might be.\" God, it sounds so negative, which is why \"kicking ass at life\" or whatever is the euphemism we are using noe. I'm actually a positive, proactive, emotionally-intelligent GGG partner, but damn if it's not exhausting to find someone clean, employed, and adult enough to have an emergency fund.", "link_id": "t3_es01yu", "time": 1579666306}}
{"ff5yj0i": {"text": "I used to hang out with some pretty talented chefs and cooks. Those dudes all LOVED garbage fastfood. My charcuterie buddy makes a brisket that makes you cry, but he's down to eat some nonsense. Foodies are so fucking pretentious about food compared to the skilled as hell people who actually know how to perfect those dishes.", "link_id": "t3_ern6e4", "time": 1579614371}}
{"ff50acb": {"text": "The one thing that you absolutely want to do is to make sure that you follow the custody agreement to the letter, and document everything. Depending on where you live, you may be legally able to record all phone calls/interactions, too. You can definitely go ahead and block the girlfriend's number; because you are free to block anyone who sends you abusive text messages. I think the answer to your question depends on what your actual priorities are for your family. There's so much that you don't have control over - like other people's behavior. But you DO get to choose how to respond to the behaviors you have come to expect. Try to figure out what is the outcome that the Dad&amp;GF actually want (without judging how dumb it is). Try to understand their motivations for wanting that (without judging how dumb/selfish they are). In negotiations, you are far more likely to get what you want, when you understand the motivations/priorities of the other party.", "link_id": "t3_ernrkc", "time": 1579576794}}
{"ff4zijh": {"text": "I think you should leave the situation because the one thing that you want -- him to put distance between himself and his ex -- it simply isn't going to happen. You yourself observed that the situation is not improving at all, and that is because he either can't or won't. Either way, you can't solve that problem for him. He hasn't been broken up very long, and he and his ex are still actively working through the wreckage of a relationship breaking up. He's going to have to figure all that out, and it's going to take some time, and probably some therapy. You know your boundaries and what you're willing to put up with in your relationship to be with this man. I honestly don't agree with the premise that exes shouldn't be close friends or talk about their personal lives, but you get to decide your own dealbreakers in a relationship. It sounds like his relationship with his ex is a dealbreaker for you, and you are not compatible as a couple. You can't change him, and you're right to be scared that things won't change. Breaking up with him so that he can sort through his breakup is probably the kindest thing you could do in this situation.", "link_id": "t3_ero6a8", "time": 1579576227}}
{"ff3ewef": {"text": "Depends on the mood episode for me. Because it decreases the threshhold for excitation, it ought to make it harder to finish. Common for sedating meds.", "link_id": "t3_ereisz", "time": 1579539661}}
{"ff3eiy3": {"text": "I totally get it. It makes me feel better to know that I'm not alone. Copying this from an old thread I wrote... It *IS* superfrustraing to have to take meds to live a normal-ish life. But there are so fucking many people with conditions and circumstances that are similar to ours. You're not alone, and it helps me to think of all of those people. Reach out with your empathy and compassion for all the other people who don't have it easy, either.Here we go: so so so many people have chronic issues they deal with, issues that limit what they can do or eat. If you're young, remind yourself that your seemingly \"normal\" peers are often suffering in silence with anxiety and depression (and without the diagnosis and meds that could help). Some people are diabetic, severely gluten- or lactose-intolerant, have a fucked up thyroid, have seizures, have CF, have fibromyalgia, and countless other physical conditions. Others have ADHD, PTSD, MS, TBI, or a shitload of other acronyms. How about we spend a second thinking about poverty, widows and widowers, orphans, abuse survivors, and those who have seen war and disaster. These things are often invisible and stigmatized so that we don't talk about it openly, like bipolar.  If we truly look around, we see that we are not alone afterall. We all hope. We all love. We all struggle. And we read Reddit when we are supposed to be working.", "link_id": "t3_erf4n9", "time": 1579539453}}
{"ff3c206": {"text": "Mades me eat like a pothead. Same for my friends who take it PRN for anxiety and sleep. Could be worse.", "link_id": "t3_ereisz", "time": 1579538201}}
{"ff3brwe": {"text": "It doesn't sound like there's an actual problem here. The kid is fine. The way you've written it makes it sound like you're carrying a grudge on the behalf of your in-laws, and they're adults who can choose who stays with them. If you're carring around anger, it's just going to get in your way and make your own life toxic.", "link_id": "t3_er9md1", "time": 1579538059}}
{"feuod2w": {"text": "I think it's worth trying different socks. I prefer thicker wool socks for most things. Helps with moisture and a bit of extra cushion. Try hikers socks.", "link_id": "t3_eql1sh", "time": 1579388432}}
{"feum863": {"text": "Yeah - that sense of \"this is me at my best\" is a like a drug, the superfun recreational kind. It IS a lie, of course, and a very seductive one. I think that if you truly believe that lie, then you're likely to go off your meds because you miss \"your best self.\"  Its important to remember that it's a lie your brain is telling you. I believed that hypomanic-me was the real me for a long time. Long enough that I never got help for my mood episodes, until I ended up undeniably manic. And what a shitshow that caused in my life.", "link_id": "t3_eqih2j", "time": 1579387885}}
{"fely1fe": {"text": "Sounds like the complete *opposite* of what sounds like good dating -- let's all just ignore things that make us feel wildly uncomfortable, force ourselves to be intimate with someone before we're ready, and listen to someone else's idea of a good time, rather than trusting our own preferences. That's some real bullshit, if you ask me.", "link_id": "t3_epq9q0", "time": 1579233832}}
{"felwn2x": {"text": "Well done! I was just thinking this evening about how a few days of momentum makes such a difference. I've been able to exercise 4 days in a row (it's been a long time since that happened), and tonight, it didn't feel so hard to shower and brush my teeth before bed. I even refilled my old-lady pillbox with all my supplements. So, I've been getting into rowing on a rowing machine, and those first half dozen strokes are the hardest, because you've got to get that \"boat\" going --- but once you get into the rhythm and you get that boat moving a little, the strokes are so much easier. For anybody struggling, I'd just encourage you to push past those first few efforts to get unstuck -- it'll get easier soon.", "link_id": "t3_eptbo2", "time": 1579232789}}
{"fedetsh": {"text": "I'm happy to help. My kids are 4 and 8 now, and we've been separated for a bit over 2 years. It's been a series of experiments to see what works. Sometimes the cracks in our marriage resurface in our challenges for coparenting. I really wanted parenting to be fair and equal (for once), but the reality check I got from trying 50/50 custody was that my ex didnt have the executive functioning skills to take care of himself, much less himself plus two other people. As an example, my son got so many tardies in a short period of time (all dad) that I got a note sent home. We then tried 60/40, 90/10, and others. I finally just put my foot down and said we were doing the SPO for my state because I was exhausted from trying to do it all and manage it all. I was at the end of my rope. My ex's fiance actually was the best thing that happened to my ex - the house was less filthy, and the kids had more supervision and routine. She's really a good person, and sweet to my kids. My ex's parenting skills have improved out of necessity, and I'm able to relax more &amp; worry less when the kids are with him. I try to just think of him as a shitty babysitter. It's not going to ruin them as people to eat pizza and chicken nuggets on dad-time. I still do the vast majority of parenting and problem solving.", "link_id": "t3_eo8krc", "time": 1579009564}}
{"feaxhj0": {"text": "I'm not sure that I'd replicate the other schedule. As you know, solo parenting three is the opposite of easy, and it sounds like he is in over his head already. My kids prefer having some one-on-one time with each parent. I prefer my kids to be with me during the week-- I make sure they're clean, on time to school, homework gets done, etc. My ex wants to see them somewhat frequently, but has a hard time with the \"serious\" stuff of parenting. He means well, but his house is a stinky mess, and they eat pizza more often than vegetables. So we do the standard parenting plan with a few extras. The kids have time with their dad every other weekend, plus Sunday afternoons on my my weekends, when I have a standing community thing. He also has 1 or 2 weeknight dinners with the kids -- if it's a week with 2, we split the kids up for one-on-one time with us. Works for our situation, and we all get what's most important to each of us. We try to do 50/50 with school holidays and sick kids days. Make sure that you're not taking them all, just because you're the mom. I do think that it's not productive to bend over backward to try to accommodate his travel schedule. When you're married, yes, everyone pitches in. When you're not, that's one of the things that is mostly his problem. We all have to make sacrifices because we chose to have kids, and I think that finding a job with less travel is an obvious choice for a single dad with 3 kids.", "link_id": "t3_eo8krc", "time": 1578953220}}
{"fe9jxx6": {"text": "It's not clear if you're dating or not. Are you friends with women? Are there women in your life you love and respect? (Without having a romantic vibe or hopes.) You have the opportunity to become a much bette attractive partner when you work on strengthening ALL your relationships and increasing your emotional intelligence. By the way you've written about your problem, it sounds like you're not quite seeing potential partners as whole people. Saying \"get a girl\" \"talk to a girl\" etc. makes me wonder how you are approaching these potential partners. Are you truly ready for a relationship? Hopefully you want to date a *woman*, not a girl, considering you're 30 and would like to have a grownup relationship. I do think there's a big learning curve to dating at 30+. You've entered a phase of life where knowing yourself, working on yourself, and contributing to your community are important. If you're not already in therapy, you should be. It makes you much more dateable, and will help give you the tools to be the best version of yourself. Looks, charm, etc. will only get you so far. Even deciding to ask this question means you have potential. Take that potential and get busy! You've got this!", "link_id": "t3_eo75bl", "time": 1578938459}}
{"fe9gbol": {"text": "Congrats on the house! I find that having my \"homebase\" helps me stay stable and in my routine. I have also have the issue that my appetite is wonky. I realized that \"intuitive eating\" doesn't work for me because that part of my brain doesn't self-regulate. I do think it's related to the poor self-regulation of sleep and mood thats always a part of my bipolar, even when I'm stable. I have a tendency to overeat or not eat at all. Often, food just tastes \"blah\" and then I don't want to eat. Or I'm attracted to foods that are crunchy and salty, because I actually can taste/appreciate those aspects of food. Not good or healthy, and definitely not stability-boosting. You just have to use your logic and not trust your body when it comes to food. I'm on seroquel, for what its worth. My food issues predate the seroquel, though. It works wonders for my depression, so I'm a fan. I know it is too sedating for a lot of people. I'll warn you that it's especially hard-hitting when you take it on an empty stomach.", "link_id": "t3_enxwxz", "time": 1578937264}}
{"fe8v5cp": {"text": "I don't know about the classes, but I think it would help for you both to sit down and talk about the principles you both value in parenting your children. Maybe top 3? I think that's where to start -- common ground. You both will have different styles and methods (like any two parents), but being a united front is important. I think that's especially true if your kids are under 10, and you have quite a few years of living with the girls. One of my favorite phrases for negotiations or finding compromises is, \"It's important to me that...\" I use this all the time with kids who are fighting, or as a way to approach a difficult conversation. Take turns until you both feel done. Finding common ground is crucial, and understanding what's important to the other person. They need to believe that you understand where they're coming from and have empathy for their situation. I think you could try starting that conversation with something like this, \"It's important to me that I support your parenting, and backup the rules and consequences that you're talking about with your daughter.\"", "link_id": "t3_eo40o3", "time": 1578931303}}
{"fdrosbu": {"text": "I think that it takes awhile to find your groove. Take some time to do routine therapy appointments, spend time at the gym, and work on your hobbies and career. It was really hard on me and my mental health, at first. I couldn't even walk past their empty high chairs without breaking down into tears. I literally had to put away their furniture to be able to cope. When my whole identity was who I was as a parent, the temporary loss of that role left me confused and hurting. So now, about 2.5 years into my new groove, I fill up my non-kid time with a new puppy, a new gym habit, a regular community-volunteering gig, and some  friends without kids. I think that I'm a better person for it, and that I will also have an easier time with my \"empty nest\" when my kids go to college.", "link_id": "t3_ems4ce", "time": 1578687519}}
{"fdqhn7y": {"text": "You should prioritize meeting him in person. Our coparenting policy is that the ex gets a chance to meet the new SO before the SO is introduced to the kids. There's nothing to lose. And a whole lot to gain by having a friendly chat over coffee or dinner. It's in the best interest of the kids for all their adults to be on friendly terms.", "link_id": "t3_elv4d2", "time": 1578666900}}
{"fdlbfrj": {"text": "Yo, me too. I do fine on dating apps and just casual dating when I feel like it. I kinda just warn people that I'm not a romantic person. I'm pretty sure I don't give off a please-romance-me vibe anyway. I like FWBs, with a heavy emphasis on the friends. I don't wanna sleep with anyone that I don't also want to talk to. I've evolved to that position though, after I had my fill of hookups that bored me after the sex was done. I was married for a long time, but among the 1000 ways it went wrong, he's a romantic person and wants someone to be \"in love\" with him. I don't see myself getting married again. Maybe if I found a best friend that I wanted to live with, but living with someone is a huge deal for me.", "link_id": "t3_elygde", "time": 1578520450}}
{"fdgnflv": {"text": "I have a \"Rollover\" category that I stash about 2k into. I know that's about how much it takes to cover my first 2 weeks of bills. Sometimes I get paid a few days into the month, and then I don't pull anymore out of Rollever, and towards the end of the month, I fill it back up so I've got it there for next month. It functions as a short-term savings category apart from my emergency fund.", "link_id": "t3_el0xxo", "time": 1578403118}}
{"fdel43u": {"text": "It definitely doesn't matter if your ex is a man or a woman; it's more of a character issue. She doesn't seem to respect your time. It might help to reinforce those boundaries by being more unavailable when you're not on parenting time. Unscheduled drop-by? \"Oh wow, I have plans and was about to meet a friend at the movies. Next time you should text, in case I'm not here.\" Chat with your kids for a few minutes, hugs and kisses, and then GTFO. And you can do the opposite for dropoffs and pickups - text with a defined schedule, with like a 15 min window. How to do it depends on if she's running late or early. But be available for your kids, but less available for her whims. Stick to your end of the custody schedule to the letter, and document when she doesnt.", "link_id": "t3_ekm9mq", "time": 1578341326}}
{"fdek9wi": {"text": "My kids like to have a color-coded schedule on the fridge. It's especially useful over holidays when our schedules change from our usual. Stickers are always appreciated. At 3, your kid will start to understand the routine of 3/4s. My 3.5 year old has calendar time at school. One thing that might help is having preschool or a daycare situation as soon as you can. Having that element (school/daycare) stay consistent in my kids' routine really helps them.", "link_id": "t3_ekol7u", "time": 1578340818}}
{"fdejlzz": {"text": "I think having the start of a new year is a good opportunity to make a schedule for the year's holidays, school holidays, and special days, like birthdays and mothers/fathers day. Definitely email him and share it on dropbox/google drive. That way you can just tell him to check the schedule that he has, and it forces him (gently) to take responsibility.", "link_id": "t3_ekz5im", "time": 1578340415}}
{"fdcmzgl": {"text": "Lol - I'm guessing he finds all of parenting \"too restrictive.\"", "link_id": "t3_ek57qo", "time": 1578278934}}
{"fdbfjmo": {"text": "I think you know enough now to know that you cannot have a romantic relationship with your child's father. When times get tough, he gets abusive, and that is never acceptable behavior.  It is your responsibility as a parent to protect and provide for your child to the best of your ability. Have your parents help you to get a lawyer so that you can have a parenting plan and child support filed with the court as soon as possible. Don't be fooled into thinking that an out-of-court or unofficial agreement will be sufficient. That works best when everything is going smoothly, but as soon as the shit hits the fan, you need the ability to go to court. (I've made this mistake myself, and am still kicking myself for it.) Also, regardless of his behavior right now, he has a financial responsibility to his child (not to you) to help provide for their needs. He can't just say \"I disown this baby!\" and then he doesn't owe that baby any child support. That's not how it works. I think that if he wants to see the baby, supervised visitation is your best option. Again, there's two things you absolutely need before you have this baby - a carseat and a lawyer. Honestly, it sounds like he is emotionally wounded by his upbringing, and is now scared shitless to be a father. You can have compassion for him, but he is not in a place to be a good father or partner right now without him addressing his issues in a serious way. There are a lot of people that he could work through these issues with, like a qualified counselor or therapist, but YOU are the last person with whom he can work through this stuff he's grappling with. Don't try to save him; he has to do that himself.", "link_id": "t3_ek4y9e", "time": 1578256868}}
{"fdbbicw": {"text": "I think you'd actually be better off with a strict, routine schedule so it is easier to plan your own life around, and also to document what he's doing in terms of working/finding babysitting. Maybe he doesn't actually want a 50/50 schedule at all, but felt pressured into doing that by his parents. What about talking to him about switching to the \"standard\" schedule as a trial run - one evening a week for homework/dinner, and then 1st, 3rd, 5th weekends? I prefer that schedule because it lets me control my kids' routines for getting ready for school, homework, dinner, bedtime, bathtime, etc. I think my kids prefer the predictability of their main weekday routines. I've learned to just go with the flow on the weekends when the kids are with their dad - they come back home, and then they're back on schedule.", "link_id": "t3_ek57qo", "time": 1578255755}}
{"fcu4qos": {"text": "This post made me really happy. I feel similarly about my journey over the last 10 years. I was undiagnosed and miserable. I was rocked by seasonal affective in a new country, and the bipolar swings were getting more pronounced, especially the highs. It didn't even occur to me that not only could I fight depression, that I *should* because my life could be better. I felt so stuck and hopeless. Eventually I went truly manic, and was able to get my true diagnosis and meds that worked for my kind of depression. I'm so grateful. I have a house that is a home; a relief after years feeling untethered. My kids are cool dudes, and I have primary custody. Their dad and I live separately. I finally have a real, grownup job with growth potential and PTO for going to doctors appointments. I'm still struggling a lot of the time, but progress is incremental and I know I'm working towards a brighter future for myself.Cheers to the next decade!", "link_id": "t3_eix95y", "time": 1577972513}}
{"fck2e6w": {"text": "Also a newish rower - saw HUGE gains in times over the last two weeks just working on technique. Especially important for me was fixing my back; I had been hunching and over-extending while thinking that I was kicking ass by doing so. Fixed so much soreness, not to mention rowing myself into a serious injury. Rowing without foot straps also helped me self-correct some bad behaviors. Also figuring out how to make sure I'm \"spring-loaded\" for the drive made me much faster with a lot less effort. I'm by no means an athletic bodytype. I'm short and have short limbs, and from doing two weeks of focused technique drills went from 2:45 splits down to 2:15. I'm not an expert, but I can tell you that I saw big gains from following the advice from the posters here.", "link_id": "t3_egzkex", "time": 1577714518}}
{"fcgn3wu": {"text": "I think that's a DIY project. Time-consuming, though.", "link_id": "t3_eh5zo1", "time": 1577641873}}
{"fcgm48e": {"text": "I think your situation is one in which a family lawyer should be consulted. Your ex is acting sketchy - especially if she's allowing her daughter to sleep over at a new boyfriend's house. She (and you, of course) should be following the parenting plan agreement to the letter. Honestly, she may be more willing to split custody now that she has a regular boyfriend-- I'd bet she'd love more kidfree time with him, whereas before, she might have been trying to punish you with limiting visitation. I think you ought to start documenting the facts as you know them, so that your lawyer has something to back you up if/when it goes to court.", "link_id": "t3_efoiki", "time": 1577641628}}
{"fc2u8tb": {"text": "You have a husband problem, more than an exwife problem. I think one of the best things you could do to affect this situation in a positive way is to get your husband a therapist. He's being pulled in many directions with two strong-willed women, the mothers of his children, both telling him what to do. He needs to set a custody schedule and stick to it. He is enabling his ex to act the way she is acting. I think that a big part of your anger in this situation is because you're seeing a bad side of your husband. Don't put all the blame on his ex -- he is half of that dynamic.", "link_id": "t3_ef3tsw", "time": 1577374196}}
{"fc2tq9d": {"text": "Something to remember is that he owes the child support to your child -- his responsibility is to his child and not to you. In that way, its not up to you to waive child support that he owes. Also, in most places, child support is owed regardless of visitation. It sounds like your ex doesn't want to be a dad. You should set up the custody with that in mind. Talk to your lawyer and get it set in stone ASAP. I know you said that being petty online doesn't bother you, but in the case of your ex, you're going to have to be the bigger person. Model for your child respectful, responsible behavior. Its easy to be nice to nice people, it's an exercise in patience and fortitude to show responsible behavior towards those who are behaving terribly. Be the best person you can be, because you deserve that, not because he does. He can say or do whatever he likes, but the people who matter will notice that you're there for your kid, and that he's not. Who cares if other people have the wrong impression? They don't matter.", "link_id": "t3_efe8hf", "time": 1577373775}}
{"fc1xzg8": {"text": "Coparenting you will be doing all the time, but hanging out as a family isn't necessary. I'm on good terms with my ex, but we just chat at pickups and dropoffs for the most part. And we check in with big decisions that affect the kids and our coparenting situation. Like, one of us is changing jobs or apartments, and we will need to adjust pickups/dropoffs. We both contribute to birthday parties and sometimes for joint gifts. I'd be horrified at the idea of going to a movie together. Or a vacation. Eeww, no. My older kid has asked about it, and I just told him that we wouldn't be doing that. The younger one doesnt remember us all living together, so I think that's why he hasn't even asked for it. Just set a parenting plan, file it with the court, and stick to it. Try to give your coparent the benefit of the doubt, and the leeway you hope to get when you ask for it. Newborns are challenging AF, and you're going to need eachother as a parenting team.", "link_id": "t3_efnopa", "time": 1577333222}}
{"fc1wt4o": {"text": "It's time to practice setting limits and healthy boundaries. Let him know that you'll give one update/photo a day, and no more. It's not punishment -- its setting a reasonable compromise between his desire to have information, and yours to keep he details of your private life private (so make sure to keep your feelings about his new life and GF out of the equation). He is still 100% their father, he's just not your partner anymore. I highly recommend coming to terms with the fact that is isn't ever going to get the punishment he deserves for cheating. It sucks, and you're going to have to move on with as little anger as possible. Ive been there, and it feels so unfair that he gets to get away with all he did to blow up your life. Therapy will help by letting you vent in a safe place, and get the support you need to build a new daily routine as a single mom. There's really green grass on this side of the fence, actually. I love my new life most days, and we are all happier. I even bought his mistress a really nice signed book for Christmas, and she bought me xmas pajamas. Feel your feelings, but also know that the sooner you let go of your anger, the sooner your real life gets started. Happy Holidays!", "link_id": "t3_efoiki", "time": 1577332140}}
{"fbw7ghy": {"text": "It feels amazing to have my depression and anxiety properly managed. It's worth the experiment to see what it's like to actively try to fight and medicate those impairments.Many people can't distinguish between the hypomanic creativity/drive and their normal-state creativity/drive. Compulsively creating things, especially art and writing, is a super-common symptom of hypomania and mania. It's common to believe that super-energized hypomanic-you is the real you -- but that's a lie that your bipolar brain tells you. It's no more true than believing that the depressed, too exhausted to get out of bed version of you is the REAL you. Being more stable means less time spent in hypomanic states... so there is a correlation IF you're someone who compulsively creates stuff when they're elevated. It's not realistic to believe you can stay in a hypomanic state indefinitely, or even to control when/how long/how intensely you stay elevated. So yeah, taking meds and actively working on stability is the only path to longterm creativity, drive, and a healthy lifestyle.", "link_id": "t3_eemn30", "time": 1577142675}}
{"fbvkt8v": {"text": "The priority has to be getting a parenting plan in place ASAP. This idea of him \"vetoing\" your plans is nonsense. He doesnt have the legal right to veto shit, unless it's in your divorce decree. I think that you have to stop bending over backwards to keep him happy. It's not possible to make/keep him happy, and you have tons of experiences proving that. If you think about it in terms of your kid -- do you really want to model the behavior that it's your job (or hers) to make him happy no matter how ridiculous or awful he is acting? Better to model healthy boundaries and the practice of being civil, even when you're dealing with someone you don't enjoy. See what your options are for filing a custody plan as cheaply as possible. You are letting him walk all over you, and you don't have to.", "link_id": "t3_eep1u2", "time": 1577132247}}
{"fbtdc5x": {"text": "My kids and I enjoy our crabs, even though they've spent a ton of time molting. They're kinda like a celebrity sighting sometimes. It's super rewarding to see how big they've gotten when they come up, though. I nearly became a classroom teacher, and really wanted to take my crabs to the classroom. I think you could make some great lesson plans around the crabs, too - talking about a balanced diet for crabs vs a balanced diet for humans. Ecosystems, climates, recording measurements for humidity, temperature, etc. I think that if \\*you\\* want crabs, then the classroom is as good a place as any for them to live.", "link_id": "t3_edqg4j", "time": 1577075180}}
{"fb0l8b4": {"text": "Consider ASL as being an extraordinarily useful tool in certain contexts, even if it's not his primary language. I taught my kids some ASL as babies because I have auditory processing issues. So, I'm hard of hearing in some contexts, but not all. Trying to understand kids at the baby/toddler stage, or anybody who is at a distance away is a PAIN. Noisy environments are the most frustrating of all because I can't distinguish speech sounds with all the ambient noise. (I imagine those are similar to the issues that your son is facing.) My older child also had a speech articulation delay, so between his issues and mine, we needed ASL more than I initially realized. He grew a really large ASL vocab and he was able to ask and answer the complicated questions that interested him. It became a habit for me to sign a little as we talked, and it feels really natural with practice. I still find myself signing with other little kids because forget they don't all know how to sign. Even now, I'd much prefer to sign rather than shout in one of those hellscape indoor play places. I can sign \"Go get your shoes on, we are leaving now\", which is so much more dignified than yelling it.My vote is to buy some Signing Time episodes/DVDs and see if he's into it. That's a low effort chance to dip your toes in the water with ASL. Can't hurt anything, and could help or at least be useful. I imagine that he doesn't have a lot of TV shows that really cater to him, and I find Signing Time far less annoying than most childrens programming my kids watch. Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_eaum9o", "time": 1576427015}}
{"faq1w4n": {"text": "He doesn't want to parent, or even be much of a coparent. I think you ought to put your energy into creating the community and family you want where you already are, or in the city you choose -- with no consideration given to where your kid's dad lives. Your kid might not actually grieve for the loss of a real father. Some kids just take it in stride, and accept the situation. Then you can out your efforts to work on accepting the reality of the situation, rather than trying to fix it for everyone to avoid the truth. Your ex is not going to do his share, even if you live next door. It sounds like some of his family is worth including in your \"family of choice\" and that some of them do want a relationship. But the fact that your ex does so little to get closer to you both means that he doesn't actually want it. It's sad, but I'd stop offering to make it easier for him. Make the best of what *is* instead of wishing for what isn't.", "link_id": "t3_eaaa8w", "time": 1576296627}}
{"faeems5": {"text": "They don't deserve shit. They're a dumpster fire in progress. I sounds like they want to use your child to back up their narrative that they're some sort of healthy family, rather than two hot-messes who hooked up and got pregnant immediately. Clearly, you're going to have to find it in yourself to be the bigger person, because he definitely wont.I think you need to keep your distance as best you can, while still facilitating your kid's relationship with their other parent as is required by the court orders your have. Start keeping impeccable records of when your BD calls, texts, or facetimes your kid. Write down all the facts as you know them, without making any judgements or negative statements. Explain that you do not need to be in contact with your ex's girlfriend, and then block her number. Follow your divorce degree to the letter. If he wants more custody then he can take it to a judge.", "link_id": "t3_e8rkc7", "time": 1575999424}}
{"fae9why": {"text": "I've given this a lot of thought. I think that even the best of meds can't \"make\" us wake up happy. Now meds are capable of getting us back to neutral, but *happiness* is something that requires actions. Actions that promote human connection, a healthy body, accomplishment or giving back, gratitude, restful sleep, and personal growth. Tiny actions that add upon each other. And its day by day, these little actions here and there -- and they are our ballast when our minds are rocked by circumstances and mood episodes. That's what happiness is for me.", "link_id": "t3_e8lx50", "time": 1575996791}}
{"fae6sbd": {"text": "Yeah, that's mania. I'm sorry, because it sucks (even when you don't realize in the middle of it.) I highly recommend going outside the community you described to find the professional help you need. Therapy alone is not even close to being sufficient for bipolar I treatment. Consider the fact that perhaps part of why you needed to be hospitalized was that you were having suicidal thoughts and in the middle of a severe mood episode, not that they were caused by the hospital itself. Some hospitals are terrible, and it's not your fault you had a bad experience in a hospital setting. You deserve someone that listens to you and takes your concerns seriously. I've had terrible experiences with therapists too, and it feels useless to try to find another and roll out my whole history. My first PCP was beyond useless when I came into her office clearly manic, and I even announced that I was manic. BUT I've since found another PCP and a psychiatrist that actually listen to me. It's worth the search.", "link_id": "t3_e8mywv", "time": 1575994936}}
{"fae5u56": {"text": "This is how I feel as well. Writing things down needs to become a habit. I like bulletjournalling and writing things by hand because it helps me with recall and managing my to do list and commitments.", "link_id": "t3_e8opgg", "time": 1575994352}}
{"faduh5k": {"text": "Just sending you an internet hug. I found a med combo that works great for me -- I also have bipolar I. Try to keep an open mind. Just because someone else has had a bad experience on a particular med doesnt mean you will, too. For example, Seroquel has changed my life and I didn't gain much weight from it. It's possible that you'll try a med that will help you stay on track with your goals, and not get sidelined due to wrestling with suicidal thoughts. Try to find some optimism right now, even though things are dark. Your new psych may also have some non-med resources that really help you. I'm forever grateful to have found a bipolar support group, and to better understand the behavioral triggers I have. Hang in there.", "link_id": "t3_e8q2c5", "time": 1575986615}}
{"f9q1nir": {"text": "I have their bikini-style underwear. The fabric is fabulous. The bralette doesn't fit me as well as I'd like, but I have a super hard time with bras no matter the brand.", "link_id": "t3_e67ou3", "time": 1575553517}}
{"f9ge7vi": {"text": "NTA - and it sounds like the kid is perfectly logical to discount any advice or discipline from his parents. He's having to find his own way in the world, and deal with his parents' clearly conditional love. He may self-correct as he grows up, but his faith in his mom is irrevocably shattered. You could possibly be a trusted adult for him, but I don't think he will trust your judgement either as long as you're dating his mom.", "link_id": "t3_e4n94r", "time": 1575297895}}
{"f81kweu": {"text": "I did a joint Thanksgiving with my ex one year. I think he requested it because he literally didn't know how to DO a Thanksgiving. That was always a thing I did for us. I think the kids liked it, my ex seemed to like it, but I was seething about how I was doing all the work and getting 50% of the credit for \"our family Thanksgiving.\" That was an immature way of looking at it, but at the same time, I realized I was doing too much to baby my ex into being a decent parent. Maybe you're where I was 2 years ago. I felt that my choices were to A) do the work, in hopes that my ex would be able to do it next year when he felt more confident in single-parenting, or B) back him into a corner and risk him getting overwhelmed and going back into avoid-all-parenting mode. Turns out we got C) ex gets a new girlfriend who takes care of Thanksgiving. I like New Girlfriend who is really nice to my kids, so in the end, it's all fine, and not my problem this year. (Alternating years, and this one is his turn again.)", "link_id": "t3_dy8nv3", "time": 1574170655}}
{"f7jxx7j": {"text": "My experience is that it builds like a wave.... it swells and swells, crests, and then whoosh, the wave crashes. Period starts and I feel normalish for like 2 or 2.5 weeks. The crest and the 3 days before are just miserable, as y'all already know. But yeah, a wave.", "link_id": "t3_dwf33i", "time": 1573789307}}
{"f7difg4": {"text": "I was undiagnosed and unmedicated when was until my younger kid was around 2. Dealt with PMDD and bipolar 2 symptoms from age 13; I rounded my experiences down to \"majorly bitchy on occasion and depressed for long stretches.\" For me, the combo of PMDD and bipolar means that PMS often comes with a mixed episode, which lifts when my hormones shift again. I also have episodes outside of PMS-time, and started having true manic episodes at age 34. In some ways, being pregnant was easier; mostly normal with a few bursts of hypomania. I actually was fairly stable mentally during pregnancy and breastfeeding, the hormones are steadier in some ways than when I'm menstruating. I so wish I could have been on Lamictal and an anti-anxiety PRN med while my kids were tiny babies. That was a particularly rough period for me, both times.The sleep deprivation was/is really what is hardest about being a parent and bipolar. You just don't have control over kids getting sick and needing you in the night. Some kids just arent good sleepers for a REALLY long time. Shit just happens frequently and inconsistently for years on years. My older kid turns 8 this week. Which means that my sleep has sucked for over 8 years at this point. I can have impeccable sleep hygiene, go to bed early, have my self-promoting meds kick in at just the right time, but I still can't get good sleep because of my kids (and dogs) having issues that I need to take care of. I've changed diapers and cleaned up vomit while completely zonked on Seroquel. I've taken my kids to school while in an \"up\" mood and maybe/probably dangerously distracted by hypomania. I'm a single parent and I do what I have to do to get and stay as stable as I can. It's both a huge trigger and a huge motivation to be at my best. The stakes are just so high, because I HAVE to be a really good mom. I'm pretty sure my older son has something. I'll spare you the details, but nobody will be shocked by an official mental health diagnosis in a few years. I feel bad for him, but also glad that I have the language to talk to him about it, and the resources to help him when he needs it.", "link_id": "t3_dvhoym", "time": 1573617708}}
{"f6v3ajz": {"text": "Yeah, my younger BC was a rescue when he was about 8 months. The whole first month I had him was all about trying to help him feel safe; at the first sign of trouble he would haul ass and hide under my bed. My experience with BCs is that they're as emotional as they are smart. My older one also grieved harder than any other other dog I've had. Thus, she had to have a new buddy. :)", "link_id": "t3_dsygzz", "time": 1573175486}}
{"f6tpgbt": {"text": "I think you have to take into account that different dogs have entirely different temperaments. They react differently to food motivation, praise, and other positive reinforcers. My two Border Collies are soft, soft, soft and nope, they really can't handle being yelled at. Other negative stimuli (unrelated to training) is similarly a big deal to them. On the other hand, I have owned HARD dogs and also worked with hard dogs, and you quickly see that just don't react the same way to the same reinforcers, especially punishments. I'm not saying you should yell at your dogs, but it's just not the same experience across the board, for all breeds and all individual dogs.", "link_id": "t3_dsygzz", "time": 1573152332}}
{"f6spcb8": {"text": "As someone on the other side of your situation - divorce almost final, and I'm in a nice, low-stress job - I'm here to tell you it's worth it. So worth it.", "link_id": "t3_dsq6pt", "time": 1573137837}}
{"f6jryqw": {"text": "Pretty sure your ex would have been inappropriate eventually no matter what you did or said. That's on him, not you. It's not your job to change him, or change yourself so that he behaves. I think having him apologize to your fiance is weird, though. His actions were wrong because it was an inappropriate and unsolicited sexual come-on -- not because you belong to somebody else now. It's still wrong if you're single, too. Keep behaving in a way that you believe is consistent with your morals and your goals. How other people choose to behave is on them. I think being friendly (if not friends) makes life a lot easier on everyone.", "link_id": "t3_drir10", "time": 1572899324}}
{"f5zi4gr": {"text": "Ex and his GF came with us this year. Worked out great. I didn't think we'd come this far in just a few years. Hes still a dumbass, but I don't have to save him from himself anymore.", "link_id": "t3_dpi7s8", "time": 1572577496}}
{"f5afg1p": {"text": "It sounds like there's a ton more going on here than just a coparenting issue. You can't just drop in a line at the end about maybe getting divorced over other stuff anyway. Context matters.", "link_id": "t3_dnb8he", "time": 1572106383}}
{"f58o85q": {"text": "I wanna trade BCs. Mine ate a remote because he was bored and it was too rainy to run. \ud83d\ude44", "link_id": "t3_dn608f", "time": 1572060311}}
{"f4v66i0": {"text": "Grey rock until you can leave. Theres not respect or love there, maybe just the shadow of it. It's not a mistake to take cruelty seriously. You're not breaking up a family, you're saving your future self. In a similar situation, I decided I couldn't handle another 50 years of the shit I was putting up with daily. And I didnt want my kids to watch me ignore what was so beyond unacceptable. I would have failed them as a parent.", "link_id": "t3_dlts6z", "time": 1571837222}}
{"f4u2oqe": {"text": "Being around someone who is well-regulated is helpful for me. My kids keep me in the moment, which is pretty helpful, despite all the noise and stress. I love having folks sleepover when my kids are out of the house. Helps me with routines and self-regulation.", "link_id": "t3_dlno50", "time": 1571797610}}
{"f4dcjwq": {"text": "Well, just from the bipolar perspective (I have bipolar also), the lack of sleep that happens when you're living with little kids is a real mindfuck. It is so destabilizing for our disability. I can't emphasize that enough. Even good meds can't make up for the enormously negative way that bad sleep affects bipolar folks. Drastically changing hormones (like postpartum) is also a really huge deal, and a big trigger of a serious mood episode. Giving birth and breastfeeding (especially pumping) can also be a serious trigger for PTSD, particularly related to sexual assault. Having two young children and being 2 months postpartum, the cards are stacked so heavily against her mental health right now. I'd call it a mental health crisis, honestly. I feel sorry for all 4 of you, because I've been in that ugly place myself. The worst part of having little babies was my off-the-charts irritability, as in I actually came close to stabbing my dumbass husband. (Still a dumbass, but not my husband.) I hated him, his peaceful sleep, and the other problems of our relationship were magnified. Postpartum and/or bipolar depression and anxiety for so long was a big factor in the decline of my affection for my ex husband. When I was undiagnosed and unmedicated, my bipolar episodes often pushed my mood to a hateful, despondent place. Even now, and I'm pretty stable, after a bad night of sleep (still frequent), I know to take an extra valium for the agitation, and to make a proactive plan for mindfulness and calm in my day. No-sleep plus bipolar literally changed who I was for years. I didn't even realize just how drastic it was until I finally got some fucking sleep and meds that worked. I highly recommend that getting your wife to her pdoc and on the proper med cocktail she needs should come first, before all these other considerations. Trying to coparent with someone at the end of their rope, physically, mentally, and emotionally exhausted--- that's an uphill battle. Whether or not y'all stay together, the whole family needs parents who are getting the mental healthcare they need.For the record, my ex and I are pretty good friends and coparents now. But both of us needed therapy, correct diagnoses, and proper meds for our various issues.", "link_id": "t3_dk44zz", "time": 1571540779}}
{"f4aiu2n": {"text": "Congrats! A big part of changing my relationship with alcohol was getting my anxiety under control. It took admitting that I needed meds for anxiety, and understanding triggers and behavioral factors better. I highly recommend thinking about anxiety if someone reading this knows they're abusing alcohol, but doesnt know where to start changing.", "link_id": "t3_dk21jx", "time": 1571495901}}
{"f43z13x": {"text": "First off, I disagree with the folks here chiming in that changing your med routine (one that's working) should be a goal. If it's working, then a giant freaking HOORAY.It *IS* superfrustraing to have to take meds to live a normal-ish life. But there are so fucking many people with conditions and circumstances that are similar. You're not alone, and it helps me to think of all of those people. Reach out with your empathy and compassion for all the other people who don't have it easy, either.Here we go: so so so many people have chronic issues they deal with, issues that limit what they can do or eat. If you're young, remind yourself that your seemingly \"normal\" peers are often suffering in silence with anxiety and depression (and without the diagnosis and meds that could help). Some people are diabetic, severely gluten- or lactose-intolerant, have a fucked up thyroid, have seizures, have CF, have fibromyalgia, and countless other physical conditions. Others have ADHD, PTSD, MS, TBI, or a shitload of other acronyms. Many people are \"different\" (not less than): deafness, autism, dwarfism, blindness, Down Syndrome, paralysis, cerebral palsy, and don't forget learning disabilities and developmental disabilities. How about we spend a second thinking about poverty, widows and widowers, orphans, abuse survivors, and those who have seen war and disaster. I don't list all the above because the world is a bad, sad place. I believe that it is a place where all of us, saddled with whatever what life has thrown at us, we get up and keep going. We try to make our little patch of the Earth a better place than it was before. And if we look around, we see that we are not alone. We hope. We love. And we read Reddit when we are supposed to be working.", "link_id": "t3_dj67qm", "time": 1571346518}}
{"f42otd4": {"text": "I have PMDD alongside Bipolar Disorder. I've always had PMDD (age 12), but the bipolar is newish. My PMDD has never been taken as seriously like it should have been, which wont be a surprise to y'all. As someone dealing with both, I can say that they're *both* the cause of very serious mood episodes. I think people don't question my PMDD so much now because I've also gotten a \"crazier\" diagnosis. I think it helps to talk about the serious mental effects. It removes the emotional filter I usually have, and I end up screaming at my ex, and cursing around my kids. It's not normal to feel legitimately suicidal or homicidal during the days before your period. I wish people took PMDD episodes as seriously as bipolar ones. PMDD and BD episodes are not always distinguishable or unrelated for me. The only times I've had suicidal thoughts were during a premenstrual episode. I usually know it's a PMDD episode in retrospect (vs a bipolar one) when it lifts like someone flipped a switch and your period starts that day. I totally recommend DBT therapy and/or techniques that help regulate overwhelming emotions. Who doesn't need more tools to strengthen their emotional \"immune system\"?", "link_id": "t3_dj0f40", "time": 1571334246}}
{"f42kpqu": {"text": "The child support is a right of the child, not a right of the parent. Might be different in your locality, but is not something you have to sign away just to get a shitty coparent less/any visitation.", "link_id": "t3_disg2c", "time": 1571332847}}
{"f3ppgoc": {"text": "Could also be a borderline personality disorder issue. I know good people with BD and/or BPD though who aren't a nightmare to date, though. But also, some people are just super lonely and have unhealthy notions about relationships. Regardless of the underlying psychology, moving too fast is a big ass red flag and you should pay attention to folks pushing the boundaries of what you're comfortable with.", "link_id": "t3_dhnsch", "time": 1571062922}}
{"f3azmv8": {"text": "Without any malice on the part of thr non custodial parent, this can suck. I'm saying that for us, there was a phase when I was spending my very limited money on outfits and shoes for my kids, which of course they would wear to their dads house. We have like 90/10 visitation. He'd often lose or never wash the clothes the kids recently wore. He'd keep the stuff I bought and send back out of season, mismatched, and wrong-size (for the kid in question) clothing. The man makes 6 figures, and could afford to buy decent clothes if he chose to. Yeah, they're my kids clothes, but I had to just eat the (significant) extra costs to keep buying matched socks, etc. Sucks to scrimp and save to have to spend it on new clothes because their dad can't be bothered. Just my experience, and I'm not a dick about it.", "link_id": "t3_dg75zo", "time": 1570797398}}
{"f3a41fe": {"text": "The downside to that method is that you're probably never gonna see that kid-goes-to-Dads outfit again. Or you're gonna get it back in a mismatched set that no longer fits anyway. If it's really infrequent, I'd just pack the bag so at least you know your kid has clean, well-fitting clothing and shoes. (Pack an inventory and take a photo of it, so you're getting it all back, if you're feeling nitpicky.)", "link_id": "t3_dg75zo", "time": 1570761205}}
{"f36vy4f": {"text": "This is the thing that I appreciate the most about my first post-Starbucks job, which is in an office. I no longer need daily ibuprofen to function after a shift. Also, way more money, even for an entry level gig. I don't regret my time as a barista, but damn, the grass really is greener from my perspective.", "link_id": "t3_dfppp5", "time": 1570718293}}
{"f2x35bm": {"text": "I like what you wrote here. You've got to deal with those feelings, not just squash them. Therapy, therapy, therapy.", "link_id": "t3_de4qpg", "time": 1570473239}}
{"f2sseq6": {"text": "I'm on the other side of this hurdle, and I can tell you that it can really pay off if you can approach it with a big heart. Whether you like it or not, you're all on the same parenting team. More people to love and support your kids is a net positive. You don't have the power to kick her, or any future partners, off the team, unless it's a case of clearcut abuse. So you might as well fully accept that THAT aspect of coparenting is out of your control; he gets to choose who he dates. So my recommendation is to meet up under low-stress circumstances and just get a read on who she is. Let go of the anger, and figure out how to have a respectful relationship with both your ex and their partner. Best case scenario for your kids is that they stay together and make a happy, healthy home together. Same for you. If your priority is on what your kids need and what you *can* control, then navigating the situation is easier. There's no room for hurt feelings about how your marriage ended.", "link_id": "t3_de4qpg", "time": 1570386610}}
{"f2sfped": {"text": "I think what you actually want is to make sure your kid is around \"safe people.\" Which isn't silly at all. BUT, even right of first refusal wont guarantee that. It sounds like he has poor judgement sometimes, and that this aspect of his parenting is what you're most worried about. I think your best option is to be agreeable and flexible, and he will see that you're his best, least-drama option for a babysitter. Part of his job as a father is to find, evaluate, and pay for childcare during his custody time. If you demand max custody, then you're allowing him to skate on an important responsiblity while denying him the opportunity to grow as a parent.", "link_id": "t3_de43s7", "time": 1570382498}}
{"f1nz7es": {"text": "Here, here! Out with my friends tonight, gonna make good decisions, and have a great time. All friends that I've made since my diagnosis, and who  held my hand while I got stable.", "link_id": "t3_d9zjoi", "time": 1569630356}}
{"f1ntv50": {"text": "These are jobs that require a good amount of schooling and/or dedication. Smart and dedicated? Sign me up. I wouldn't say they're romantic, (I'm aro, so maybe they are) but they're prestigious and (often) interesting. I'd pass on the dentist, though.", "link_id": "t3_da49hr", "time": 1569626190}}
{"f14yp25": {"text": "Maybe I suck at posting on mobile. Here's Hammy: http://imgur.com/a/X0AMamC", "link_id": "t3_d7v55m", "time": 1569182511}}
{"f14ejul": {"text": "I've had this problem before -- its him putting a ton of emotional and domestic labor on your shoulders. I imagine that pattern was part of the reason you're not together anymore -- He doesnt respect your time and energy. I ended up writing a monthly schedule that worked for me, and then handing it over to him to look over. He could ask for changes, and I would do my best to accommodate. We could swap days, but I wasn't just going to take even more days than I had written out. I already have my kids a ton, and do all the stuff he sucks at, like getting the kids ready for school and dropped off on time. Anyway, back to the process, I'd make like 4 to 5 copies for him to use as a worksheet, and then he would give me back a copy for me to finalize. In the corner of the calendar, I'd write out the percentages. Him seeing that I have the kids 95% of the time was a wakeup call, because his dumb ass though he was doing his fair share. We also agreed that we would alternate taking days off for sick days and school holidays, so I'm not buring all my PTO for that. Eventually we transitioned to the Standard Possession schedule for our state. I got a white collar, entry level job, and the schedule is a lot easier for me to manage with kid dropoffs and pickups. Our coparenting relationship improved a lot. We've been able to split up some of the more routine duties. Like he is in charge of haircuts now, which feels like a big win for me. Things CAN get better. A lot of it revolves around figuring out what's most important to each of you, and then building a schedule around those priorities.", "link_id": "t3_d7d9k6", "time": 1569173391}}
{"f10jvg0": {"text": "As a single mom on Texas, lemme tell ya that she's also looking at $900/month per kid in fulltime daycare. Not to mention clothes, food, toys, and rent for another bedroom for the kid. Shes not making bank off that $12k/year. She's way worse off financially, especially after being out of the workforce. Lots of people dont even get that amount in CS, either. The idea that single moms are MAKING bank off their child support payments is ridiculous. Source: my bank account", "link_id": "t3_d7b5e1", "time": 1569113654}}
{"f01yvxa": {"text": "Am I the only one thinking about how OP met up at a stranger's house and got in his car for a ONE HOUR ride to a mystery location? That's the beginning of a real crime movie!", "link_id": "t3_d3a062", "time": 1568320780}}
{"ezee0qt": {"text": "It's fine for you to think the concept of punching down is unnecessary. I just think it's important in crafting a joke that approaches a set-up in a new and interesting way. For example, jokes about stereotypes are funny when they address the reality vs assumptions of the stereotype. Plenty of examples of comedians doing that. Skipping the analysis or finding a new viewpoint, and simply using the stereotype as is, that generally comes off as lazy writing to me. You have the right to judge comedy the way you want, though. I'm just saying that punching down is a trope that I find in lazy writing.", "link_id": "t3_czonu8", "time": 1567862659}}
{"ez1es1j": {"text": "I wasn't into this one because it felt like a lot of the content was \"punching down.\" Disappointed that he didn't find another way to craft those same jokes, because I believe he is talented enough to turn it around.", "link_id": "t3_czonu8", "time": 1567647249}}
{"eyntmkm": {"text": "Yeah, that's why my support group buddies mean so much to me. They get me, and vice versa. Most of my friends that I've made since my diagnosis ~18 months ago are from my support group. I wish more people with our condition had access to groups like mine. It's worth looking around for one. Or staring your own.", "link_id": "t3_cxr33n", "time": 1567261704}}
{"eylx8hl": {"text": "NTA. Leave without him so you get there on time. Make no excuses for him, either. I'd break up, honestly, because he isn't a person who takes responsibility for his actions and can't be counted on.", "link_id": "t3_cxf4fa", "time": 1567194197}}
{"eyh5jza": {"text": "Its great that you're proactively working with your doc to find something that works. I 100% commiserate on how frustrating it is to wait and see after every change. Still, its obvious that something new is worth trying, just to decrease the risk of taking your own life. Nobody wants that, regardless of what ugly lies/thoughts are going through your head right now.", "link_id": "t3_cwh47g", "time": 1567082211}}
{"eyc0v4b": {"text": "For our disorder, thoughts are symptoms. The thoughts you've written here are symptoms. It is time for a tune up with your pdoc, and very likely a med change to get you relief from those symptoms. The intrusive thoughts of suicide is an important, clinically significant symptom.From a disease perspective, if you couldn't stop throwing up, you'd go see a doctor because something is clearly wrong. Suicidal thoughts are the bipolar brain-equivalent of non-stop puking. We are also really good at rationalizing these irrational thoughts (i.e. jokes, rumination on hating aspects of our lives, etc.), and often a big dose of paranoia and agitation is making things even more confusing. You yourself admit that lots of things in your life are going great, but the good stress of all that happening can send us off-balance in a major way. I strongly urge you to get a med change now rather than living with these thoughts any longer. You deserve to enjoy that beautiful life you're building.", "link_id": "t3_cwh47g", "time": 1566994867}}
{"exmoff7": {"text": "You totally do have the option of feeling better; this isn't a hopeless diagnosis. There is love and joy and meaning in the world, even when life gets a bit messy.Just as a little perspective from 15 years down the road -- everybody, every *body*, has shit that doesn't work right. The big difference is that most people your age are still blissfully ignorant of that fact. Or maybe they're out there right now blowing out a knee, fucking up their back, getting PTSD, getting knocked up with kids back to back, suffering in silence with crippling depression and/or anxiety, or just waiting for a really shitty genetic disorder to kick in. It's a mistake to think that if it weren't for this one thing, your life would be perfect forever. You might end up a shit sandwich of some of the above stuff, too. Lots of people have chronic shit they deal with, you're not alone at ALL. Remember, you're a person with bipolar, not a \"bipolar person.\" Take a minute to feel sorry for yourself, sure, but then look ahead to getting stable and what you want to accomplish. I've met dozens of bipolar people through my support group. They're a good bunch of people who do all sorts of cool things with their lives. Taking your diagnosis seriously now if important. Don't deny it and let your disorder go untreated; things will only accelerate and you will go through hell, needlessly. Working on identifying your triggers and which actions/routines/activities help you stabilize is a huge benefit to you -- and will help reduce how much you rely on meds for stability. Meds are part of stability, but they are only a part of the strategy. Okay, that was a lot to write out, but it's also what I wish someone had told me when I was first diagnosed.", "link_id": "t3_ctlk3b", "time": 1566436541}}
{"ewisevd": {"text": "I just adopted a 9 month old BC, and he's decided his best buddy is my 7 year old. They're adorable together. I. Thinking they ought to do agility together. Wear both of them out at one -- win/win!", "link_id": "t3_coguva", "time": 1565455850}}
{"ewh503n": {"text": "Sure, of course not everybody would agree, but I think part of it is my age. I find that my life is too busy and my free time is too precious to waste with people who make me feel bad about myself. A babysitter costs almost $20/hr, so if someone wants to get shitty and fake-concerned about my weight, then yeah, that's going to be the last time I call them to hang out.", "link_id": "t3_co2zpa", "time": 1565398014}}
{"ewg5p9v": {"text": "Your friend is not actually your friend. Body shaming is not okay, and you shouldn't keep this person in your life. Even if you DID gain 50+ pounds and not look well, the body shaming still isn't okay. Someone who hates your body probably hates their own even more. But they're still not a positive influence in your life, and you don't owe it to them to put up with their shit.", "link_id": "t3_co2zpa", "time": 1565374460}}
{"ew46my8": {"text": "Feeling overwhelelmed right now means you're right on track as a parent. I agree with the advice that you wait until you need something to go buy it. Sometimes new parents (myself 100% included in this) buy a lot of gear as \"armor\" to make the new-parent-anxiety go away. I will say that a stretchy baby carrier like a Moby  is great for the newborn phase. You have the ability to carry the baby with you around the house, semi-handsfree. I think it also helps a lot with bonding and being in tune with your newborn's needs. Theres a whole babywearing rabbithole to go down if you choose, too.", "link_id": "t3_cml7yg", "time": 1565104023}}
{"ew43blr": {"text": "Hi there, I spent a lot of time misdiagnosed and miserable. Like you said, an accurate diagnosis feels good, but it's just a starting place to solving the problems that our condition causes. I feel like I've gotten my meds in a good place now. Most of the people I know with bipolar also have to address anxiety and ADHD. Taking meds explicitly for anxiety has been a game changer for me, and a lot of them, too. It's the key for me being able to make progress in my life vs feeling overwhelmed by all the things I need to do. I didnt even acknowledge that I had anxiety until after I got treatment for it, and it undeniably helped a ton. I highly recommend that you talk to your doctor about doing a trial with antianxiety meds to see if it helps you function better.", "link_id": "t3_cmpu3k", "time": 1565101838}}
{"ew04pjp": {"text": "I'm really glad for you that you're doing so much work to make a better future for youself. Seriously, its brave to face a problem and to make a new path. It sounds like it is helping you to choose and build a better life for you and your kids. Good for you. It's hard work.", "link_id": "t3_clm017", "time": 1564975717}}
{"evy54rs": {"text": "As a mom, I say call now.", "link_id": "t3_cluo1n", "time": 1564922772}}
{"evy535o": {"text": "It sounds like yall need to work with a family therapist on learning emotional regulation. It is ridiculous that a 10 year old can rack up weeks of grounding when doing an age-appropriate misbehavior (disrespect, yelling at siblings, etc), all the while her father is completely unable to keep his cool, and suffer zero reprocussions. Grounding her for that is only going to teach her that yall are hypocrites and cant be trusted, not that telling isnt acceptable. Cause clearly it is in your house, if you're big and scary enough. I can  see that you're trying to do better. Honestly, I think you do therapy for you individually on the road to divorcing. Being a single parent isn't fun, but neither is living in a house full of angry, screaming people.", "link_id": "t3_clm017", "time": 1564922726}}
{"evy4ag8": {"text": "Is there a good reason why you can't call your mom before 7? It's an emergency, truly.", "link_id": "t3_cluo1n", "time": 1564921879}}
{"evtryyd": {"text": "Lol I so relate to \"flustered parents playing referee.\" Honestly, I hated mom groups when my kid was toddler age; I just don't fit in, and it always felt like all we did was talk about potty training and baby food. Hard pass on that. Especially with kid #2. I swear, I've met better friends (ok, technically FWB) on Tinder than I ever met in Mommy &amp; Me groups.", "link_id": "t3_cl239z", "time": 1564777041}}
{"evtc5lf": {"text": "You're going to need to find some kidfree time. Joining a gym with a kids room could be helpful. Then you can attend group classes and chitchat with people there. Alternatively, figure out who the cool (by your standards) parents are in your kids school, and make playdates a regular thing. Kids birthday parties are the worst, but the upside is you get a chance to meet other parents. Then you have people to sit with at boring school events and who also have to make kid-friendly events a big part of yalls social calendar. I was sitting at a boring chess tournament waiting for my kid, and ended up having a great convo with another one of the moms. I'm so glad I made the effort to strike up a conversation rather than just reading Reddit on my phone.", "link_id": "t3_cl239z", "time": 1564767265}}
{"evtb69l": {"text": "I really recommend going on Meetup and finding out which groups are active in your area. Connecting with people who share a hobby with you makes for less awkward first conversations. I also found a great support group for bipolar folks on there. They've saved my life, basically. Another good option is intro dance classes. It's a low-pressure way to be social and interact. You might make a friend, or at the least, you'll get a chance to practice introducing yourself and making casual chitchat. The cardio is also good for your mood, too. Remember that making friends takes time and vulnerability. And practice getting to know people. If you're in a social situation and feel awkward, DON'T pull out your phone, as tempting as that is. Start a casual conversation with someone, anyone. Most of the time other people are feeling awkward too, and are really grateful to someone who is friendly enough to take the initiative. Don't wait for that person, BE that person.", "link_id": "t3_cl239z", "time": 1564766672}}
{"evh5zo5": {"text": "You need to get in touch with your doctor ASAP. There are meds that can help, and you need more support. You should not be just trying to tough it out through this. Be honest with your SO and your doctor. I'm a mom of 2 kids myself. Pregnancy both times was rough for me. I highly recommend finding a daycare or mothers-day-out program for your older child, at least a few hours, a few days a week while you're having a tough time, and to get ready for when the baby comes and needs so much of you. When you're ill (and it sounds like you're in a rough patch, for sure) you have to take care of yourself to be able to take care of your kids. I feel for you, and I can see how badly you're trying to be the best mom you can be. Get in treatment for your bipolar; pregnancy, postpartum are hormonal rollercoasters with interrupted sleep patterns which is the opposite of helpful. You're going to need support to balance out those risk factors. Start with finding childcare and with seeing your doctor about what can be done for you during pregnancy.", "link_id": "t3_cjtjxw", "time": 1564521320}}
{"evh3aza": {"text": "One of the last people I told about my bipolar was a dude I ended up dating for like 6 months. Told him on date 2, maybe 3, if I remember correctly. He was great about it. Still friends. I think it helps if the person you're disclosing to has dealt with depression, anxiety, has been in therapy, etc. I feel like they're more willing to take the diagnosis seriously, rather than just as a figure of speech. I don't tell people if I'm not willing to have a more in-depth conversation about bipolar in general with them, or about my own personal history. I didn't tell people at my last job because they're kinda gossipy and I didn't want it to be a whole thing, plus it would have felt weird to talk to them about my private life with them. So yeah, mostly positive reactions, but I'm selective about who I want to know about my diagnosis.", "link_id": "t3_cjwzwu", "time": 1564519973}}
{"evdqbgz": {"text": "I just wanted to remind you that all these \"can't\"s aren't static. I fully believe that we can continue to gain insight into our mood states, triggers, and behaviors that affect our stability. You're going to be able to make progress on the things in your list that are important to you, I believe that.", "link_id": "t3_cjfsdd", "time": 1564444711}}
{"ev9w2ow": {"text": "You may be right. My experiences chatting with other bipolar people is largely through a support group for bipolar folks. Most people are there to help others, support members of the group, or to get more information about bipolar. Definitely more likely to understand their diagnosis than someone newly diagnosed or in semi-denial about it.", "link_id": "t3_cineji", "time": 1564332686}}
{"ev9u54l": {"text": "Nobody who actually has bipolar would say the descriptive part about being moody and indecisive. They'd say something like, \"oh yeah? Me too. Type 1.\"", "link_id": "t3_cineji", "time": 1564331327}}
{"ev9tokc": {"text": "The more untreated episodes that your child's father has, the worse the situation is going to get. \"Handling it himself\" is not a viable treatment option; the risk of suicide and other undesirable outcomes is so much higher if he continues to refuse treatment. If your ex isn't getting treatment or has awareness of how his disorder affects your family, then I recommend putting into place some protection for yourself and your kid. He shouldn't be parenting a kid of any age when he is out of control; it's just not safe. It's possible to be a good parent with bipolar, but stability is necessary for that. (I'm a parent, and a damn good one.)Big angry blowups can definitely be part of bipolar mood episodes. I've been guilty of a few myself, but I've gotten good at keeping myself from blowing up at my ex, and also for making apologies and amends as soon as I realize that I did it. I've found a pattern and some triggers for these. Most likely to happen when irritability and impulsivity is high.", "link_id": "t3_ciw9n1", "time": 1564330994}}
{"ev7xwmb": {"text": "It's one of the big ironies of my life that I have bipolar AND I have to be a super-stable single parent to my 2 kids. Staying stable is my #1 priority because I have to be a great mom for them. That's my North Star. But also, they can kick my anxiety into overdrive. Irritation with them is generally the first red flag that my anxiety is up and my filter is down. That's when I know it's time for my PRN anxiety meds. I've tried really hard to give my 7-year-old useful and age-appropriate information about bipolar. He's pretty bright, so I feel like he has a pretty solid understanding. One analogy that we use is of a \"teeter-totter\" (or seesaw). We talk about how many people have their teeter-totter well balanced, but that sometimes mine is broken, and I'm stuck on \"up\" or \"down.\" He's a high-strung little dude himself, so we do a lot of talking/coaching about dealing with anxiety. We talk about knowing our triggers, things we can do to calm ourselves down, and just having an awareness that anxiety is something that a lot of people deal with, and that there's help for him. He's asked me if he's going to have bipolar too, and I told him \"Honestly kiddo, maybe you will. Or maybe you'll have depression or anxiety. But we know how to deal with those things, and we know how to get you the help and tools that you need.\" We don't keep it a secret or anything. Both me and my kids' dad have ADHD, so that's another issue that we talk about sometimes. The kids (even the preschooler) know that I take my meds at bedtime and that they make me really sleepy. It's just part of all of our daily lives now, and it doesn't feel like that big of a deal anymore. When I catch myself being harsh or irritable because of a mood episode, I always apologize immediately to the kids, tell them that I'm having a rough day, and give them big hugs. Kids are pretty understanding. We all have rough days sometimes. I think you shouldn't keep it a secret unless absolutely necessary. You wouldn't want to teach/model that depression or other mood disorders are shameful and should be kept a secret. There's a decent chance that a child with a bipolar parent will also have bipolar or another mood disorder.", "link_id": "t3_ciiqb8", "time": 1564265957}}
{"ev7v6rh": {"text": "I feel like I've become more inclined to give someone the benefit of the doubt -- you never know how much someone else might be suffering, and just in case, I'm going to give them some extra grace. I certainly am an asshole sometimes, though I don't mean to be; I'd like to think that people will give me the benefit of the doubt, too.", "link_id": "t3_ciki1s", "time": 1564264828}}
{"ev7uoov": {"text": "Thanks. I always try to mention it to newly diagnosed folks because fluctuating hormones can have a big impact on mood, and for some people like me, it's severe and interferes with daily life. It can also kick off a period of rapid cycling, but I'm getting better at recognizing it and getting stable again. I don't often see it mentioned, but \"premenstrual exacerbation\" of mood disorders is real and has been studied.", "link_id": "t3_ciik80", "time": 1564264634}}
{"ev6v75e": {"text": "I had to start treating \"want to quit my job\" as a symptom of a mood episode. It's pretty common for me when it's a mixed episode triggered by PMS. It tends to be an intrusive thought for me also. Then the episode passes, and I'm  glad I didn't because I need the health insurance. Getting a new job and putting in your 2 weeks notice: fine and dandy. Good for you. Quitting your job because \"why not? Everything sucks.\": probably not a great idea", "link_id": "t3_ciik80", "time": 1564251800}}
{"ev1xx27": {"text": "I found a great group just searching on Meetup. Best thing I've done for my stability, and it's been great making so many friends who understand my ups and downs. Honestly, most of my closest friends these days also have bipolar. Theres nothing like the freedom to casually mention bipolar-related stuff with your friends and not have it be all awkward.", "link_id": "t3_ci2l7e", "time": 1564167045}}
{"euyvgzd": {"text": "Oh shit, I actually do have a gay coffeeshop. No idea how this got past me for the entire last year of going there at least once a week.", "link_id": "t3_chr3na", "time": 1564109010}}
{"euwjvce": {"text": "I choose to explicitly remind them of the rules at my house when they come back. They tend to be clingy when they get back too, so we take a bit to reconnect, snuggle, and the rule-reminding but is part of that routine.", "link_id": "t3_cho01s", "time": 1564076073}}
{"eur4q5v": {"text": "I was out for over a week due to a serious grease burn on my hand. Fuck that noise. I'm interviewing for office jobs now.", "link_id": "t3_ch9syd", "time": 1563989515}}
{"euate54": {"text": "Looks like success! I'm so grateful for a good med combo that keeps me mostly balanced and euthymic.", "link_id": "t3_cfg9pj", "time": 1563631570}}
{"etn9adl": {"text": "I agree that it can be tricky. Sometimes newer partners view exes as a threat, and there are plenty of social programming scripts that suggest that going back to being \"just\" friends isnt possible. I think that part of what being aromantic means to me is highlighting the importance of friendship (vs romances).", "link_id": "t3_c84yn3", "time": 1562980402}}
{"etmxdac": {"text": "I do, yeah. If they are a good friend, I want to keep them in my life. I can take or leave the sex part of our relationship. There are always more people to have sex with (I'm a cis-woman). Really good friends are harder to come by than sex partners.", "link_id": "t3_c84yn3", "time": 1562970994}}
{"etmwawy": {"text": "One of my best friends would describe her feelings about relationships similarly to you, and she self-identified as asexual. You can be both aromantic and asexual, or just one or the other. As for me, I've always been aromantic, but during periods of depression, I have had a much lower (or no) libido. I wondered if I may be asexual. That has come and gone as I've going through different mood episodes and meds. I'm healthy now, on good meds, and most definitely not in an asexual phase.", "link_id": "t3_cc0me8", "time": 1562970199}}
{"etmvi95": {"text": "I feel like the \"talking stage\" is radically different than just becoming closer friends with someone. The \"talking stage\" is a brief screening process before I bother making time in my schedule to meet in real life. I would describe myself as fairly social, I like making new friends, and I have a high sex drive. (I'm a woman, btw.) You do you, I'm just saying that not all aromantic people aren't dating, or even getting married. Dating, for me, looks like this: I use a dating app to find someone I would potentially be interested in sleeping with and spending time with. We chat/text, and decide if we should meet for coffee. Assuming I like someone enough on a platonic-conversational level, I don't generally hesitate to get into a physical relationship with them. Ethical non-monogamy makes sense for me, though I can get possessive/monogamous with certain people.Surely, there's room in the aro community for people like me. I'm not asexual; I like sex, and intend to keep on having a lot of it. One of my best friends is asexual and romantic. We both date people, but engage in entirely different agendas.", "link_id": "t3_cbyt6w", "time": 1562969616}}
{"etmi9e6": {"text": "Pretty sure they make more than $10/hr, though.", "link_id": "t3_ccar5a", "time": 1562960539}}
{"etm7bwz": {"text": "It doesn't work that way for me. I'm aromantic (a new identification for me). Bisexual, and aromantic. I love sex, but hate love poetry. An ideal relationship for me is \"best friends who bone.\" I've been married, have had serious dating relationships where the romance aspect wasn't required. The idea of soulmates makes no sense in my brain. I have no idea how to have a \"romantic dinner\"; I just \"go out to dinner.\"", "link_id": "t3_cbyt6w", "time": 1562953616}}
{"etlf3st": {"text": "Time to see your doctor for a med adjustment. Dont wait and just try to ride this out with no meds, help, therapy, or support. Hypersexuality is a real and serious symptom. As you know it has the potential to really fuck up the life you've built while healthy. Dont delay.", "link_id": "t3_cc4oo2", "time": 1562934468}}
{"etj2qv6": {"text": "I think all you adults need to go out and have coffee or dinner, just as a casual get-to-know-you opportunity. Honestly, I think it should have happened before they decided to move in together. This is the deal that my ex or I had: the other parent meets any serious SO or anyone that the other wants to introduce to the kids.  Everybody needs the opportunity to lay down some ground rules and a chance to voice concerns. You dont really have veto power in this situation, but it's a chance to start building a good rapport with an important figure in your kids' lives. My ex is a dumbass, but his new girlfriend/fiance is actually really wonderful with my kids.", "link_id": "t3_cbwozo", "time": 1562865044}}
{"et5jqpa": {"text": "Those are serious burns. You ought to go to urgent care to have them examine, and you also need to make sure that the incident is written up by your SSV or SM. Infections in burns like that are really significant. Source: got 2nd degree grease burns at work. Had to deal with workers comp, and that whole deal.", "link_id": "t3_c9ydik", "time": 1562476409}}
{"eslhcij": {"text": "Remind yourself that you are going to grow and change and figure out who you are in your 20's. The \"love of your life\" at age 18 is almost surely not the right partner for you at 28. Enjoy love, enjoy dating, enjoy sex. Work on yourself, develop your talents and hobbies, get the therapy you need for whatever baggage you have from childhood. After all that, then you're ready to define what type of person is the love of your future life, not just your life at 18.Source: married and divorced the \"love of my life\" from my teenage years", "link_id": "t3_c89dwl", "time": 1562085694}}
{"es75qay": {"text": "Some states, like mine, have a state system for collecting and distributing child support payments. Its assurance that you ex cant just decide to punish you by withholding child support. There may also be ways to receive child support via automatic bank draft. I would definitely look into those, just to take that financial drama off the table.", "link_id": "t3_c5z5ie", "time": 1561664350}}
{"ervs8am": {"text": "Totally. Its SO loud then they're home, but the silence is deafening.", "link_id": "t3_c48bs9", "time": 1561323735}}
{"erqvsnp": {"text": "I've gotten a lot of practice dealing with difficult people and stubborn kids.There are some really good lectures on YouTube about negotiation by a top FBI hostage negotiator. Completely worth your time to watch. One amazing tip that I've picked up is to get them to say \"you're right.\" Its tough when you loathe someone, but that makes it even more critical that you're able to understand their viewpoint and their motivations. Using statements like \"it seems like XYZ....\" or \"it sounds like XYZ...\" to rephrase what they're asking for or what they're feeling. You dont have to agree with these things at all. Just be able to verbalize them back to your negotiating counterpart. Get them in a position of feeling like you DO understand them. It shifts the entire rest of the negotiation/conversation. With practice, you can use this in all sorts of situations. Ends tantrums, helps with coworkers, shitty customers, etc.I find it really useful to specifically ask, \"Help me understand what's important to you in this situation.\" Even with my ex that I've known forever, I can't always predict this answer, and oftentimes its completely unexpected. For example, we both were unhappy with our rotating weekend custody schedule. It took me asking to find out that he wanted Friday nights to go play cards, while I need time on Sundays to do my stuff. Turns out, we can just trade those things, and both win, compared to the intractable conflict we thought we had. Its important that you draw a ling between the things you do have control over, and the things you don't. Ultimately, you can't control what he does. Use \"I statements.\" Leave it at \"I will make sure to pack the food for the weekend that's on the weaning schedule.\" That's a thing you can control; by stopping at that statement, you neither set yourself up for an argument or an unenforceable ultimatum. By stepping down the conflict level, you get closer to what you actually want, which is just for him to follow the schedule. You can even state that he is welcome to feed your child as he sees fit during his parenting time. Let him take ownership of that decision. It's actually really important for him to start taking ownership and pride in these decisions, OR you're going to have 18 years of trying to micromanage a surely, defiant man-baby. My guess is that he feels like hes failing at parenthood and that you're holding that over him. (He probably does suck.) If you can change the dynamic, it'll help you both feel like you're on the same team. Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_c340gh", "time": 1561153321}}
{"erqtsfk": {"text": "I've posted this in other threads, but with time, I've found that my journey with bipolar has shaped who I am for the positive. I think that my experiences as a bipolar person have made me more compassionate, more emotionally literate, more inclined to give others the benefit of the doubt (cause you know what it's like to be suffering internally), expanded my sexual repertoire (thanks hypersexuality!), and helped me recognize that my disordered eating patterns are part of my mood episodes. I had been Bipolar II for so so long without knowing it. I think it started around age 13 or so. Finally having a manic episode (at age 34) was the reason I finally got the proper type of medication to manage my depression. I'm in a good place right now. I'm finally having happy days- not up, not down, just regular happy. I've made so many friends with bipolar, too. Friends that get me, and friends that understand my struggles and triumphs like no one else. And friends that I can help when they need it, friends who really need someone that understands their struggles, too. I have a strong suspicion that one of my kids may develop bipolar. It's not going to be smooth for him one way or the other (he has very high anxiety), but at least I can hold his hand and tell him I understand, and that I know some things that should help.", "link_id": "t3_c3dcyr", "time": 1561151873}}
{"erqt1tu": {"text": "Since it sounds like you're military, definitely reach out to the legal services available to you through that. They're also going to be more knowledgeable about how your military commitments and custody arrangements impact eachother.", "link_id": "t3_c36dq7", "time": 1561151344}}
{"erqmejv": {"text": "Totally. It felt weird at first to be a grown-ass adult with an early bedtime, and then having to communicate that to a new person I date. But learning how to set healthy boundaries so I stay stable has been a good thing, in the end. Also me post-seroquel is good for absolutely nothing. I don't mind if an overnight guest stays up past my bedtime. After they see me zonk out midsentence, then they finally start to understand my warning of \"oof, my meds are kicking in!\"", "link_id": "t3_c3a6x9", "time": 1561146800}}
{"erkq48m": {"text": "I think that my experiences as a bipolar person have made me more compassionate, more emotionally literate, more inclined to give others the benefit of the doubt (cause you know what it's like to be suffering internally), expanded my sexual repertoire (thanks hypersexuality!), and helped me recognize that my disordered eating patterns are part of my mood episodes. I had been Bipolar II for so so long without knowing it. Finally having a manic episode (at age 34) was the reason I finally got the proper type of medication to manage my depression. I'm in a good place right now. I'm finally having happy days- not up, not down, just regular happy. I'm not sure a person without mental health struggles can understand just how precious and awesome that feels to me. It's both a small thing and a huge deal all at the same time. I'm so grateful.", "link_id": "t3_c2js5e", "time": 1560968933}}
{"erhpzfd": {"text": "I recently got some amazing advice that I think really helped me get comfortable with my situation. She said that you literally have to make room in your life for the person you want in your life. Make room in your closet for them, your bathroom, etc. Make room in your schedule. It seems silly at first, but if you literally dont have room for the person you want, how are you going to find both the actual and emotional space for them? Become the best *you* that you can be. Work on your issues in therapy (creating the emotional space for a serious relationship). Figure out what your true dealbreakers are; the character-related ones especially. Honestly, I just started dating someone I really am into. I'm glad that I started to work on these things. I think it has made me a better partner.", "link_id": "t3_c1xtil", "time": 1560880373}}
{"er9576d": {"text": "I made a rule of no craft stores when my mood is up/hypomanic/manic. Craft stores are like catnip to someone with no filter.", "link_id": "t3_c0ylqc", "time": 1560617459}}
{"er5jsjl": {"text": "Iced chai latte is the BEST drink to order, in my opinion. Busy as hell and I get a sticker that says iced chai? THANK YOU STARBUCKS GODS.", "link_id": "t3_c0fmlb", "time": 1560527478}}
{"er2m2iu": {"text": "I think your most urgent issue is getting a child support and custody agreement in place while the divorce is pending. The actual divorce matters less than getting these things official, and as a starting point for any negotiations in that area. Your children are entitled to financial support from their father. For my situation, the financial support was/is significant and makes a huge difference in our day-to-day lives.", "link_id": "t3_bzynbw", "time": 1560446029}}
{"eqxlvvk": {"text": "Sounds like most of their communication could be done by text or email. Your ex can simply say that he is not able to take non-emergency phone calls, but will always reply promptly to texts (like less than 12 hours response time). That alone will take out some of the emotional content. My soon to be ex and I have know eachother forever, so we've had our ups and downs. I have some tips to share:1. If you're angry, realize that spewing that anger towards your ex only makes it less likely that you'll get what you want. So do you want to be angry, or do you want the thing? 2. If you mess up, apologize promptly and sincerely. This builds up a bank of trust and goodwill that you WILL need some day. 3. Don't make threats. Empathize and do everything you can to see the situation from the other person's viewpoint. There's a great TEDTalk from a guy that was a top hostage negotiator. The gist being that having your opposition feel heard and understood is essential to reaching a win-win result. Technique works great with tantruming kids or shitty coworkers, too. More on #3: I think that the best course of action is for your ex to try to figure out why last minute schedule changes come up. Is she overextended? Is her work or daycare situation causing chaos? Is she needing more alone time? Is she overwhelmed? Is she trying to balance kidcare with a romantic/social life? Is the custody arrangement not ideal for the situation? Just saying she's a selfish asshole isn't going to move things forward. She is a real, complicated, flawed human, like the rest of us. I think trying to understand her viewpoint (not agree with, but understand) is the first step to a better, calmer, more respectful relationship.", "link_id": "t3_bzuvvn", "time": 1560371147}}
{"eqxilqa": {"text": "Dating younger dudes hasn't worked out well for me. So many dudes are pretty immature far later in life than I expected. It's amazing to me how I've yet to see a straight guy's house or apartment that's cleaner or neater than mine. I promise it's not a super-high bar, either. We are talking a very basic level of domestic ability. I didn't realize for awhile that THIS would end up being a non-negotiable dealbreaker for me for even a casual relationship. I enjoy a causual hook up (fun is fun), but it's infuriating when there's not a clean towel or toilet paper for me. Fuck that noise.", "link_id": "t3_bzqhij", "time": 1560369789}}
{"eqtag27": {"text": "100% same experience about the light switch. It's so weird to have such an intense episode end so abruptly.", "link_id": "t3_bzj7xq", "time": 1560306721}}
{"eqsy7zi": {"text": "Sometimes we undersell our riskie behaviors to a new doctor at first. I sure did. Or maybe it's just that actively ill folks are not reliable narrators of reality. So, I offhandedly mentioned to my pdoc some of my previous manic/hypomanic shenanigans a few months into treatment (which I thought I had explained to him previously), and he paused a minute, and let me know that I was on the type I side of things. Which, in my gut, I already knew was true. It sounds like you have a similar feeling about your mood cycling. The way you described your \"up\" episodes sounded a lot like mine. I spent most of last spring bouncing between mania, hypomania, and mixed episodes. For what it's worth, a lot of my mood volatility comes from PMS (or PMDD) plus bipolar. If I'm off-balance before the PMS hits, then it's going to be a rough one. On the other hand, if I'm pretty stable, then PMS doesn't set off a mood episode. Figuring out that out made a huge difference in learning how to manage triggers and set up behavioral supports. I feel like we don't educate people enough about how hormonal cycles for women are significant to their mood cycles occur.", "link_id": "t3_bzj7xq", "time": 1560297017}}
{"eqrod4y": {"text": "My experience on this point is similar to the OP responding on this comment. In my experience, that customer tries their little scam on every single barista before giving it up. Especially so if you're perceived as being new, inexperienced, or \"too nice.\" As the barista in that moment, you're stuck between some bad choices: giving the customer the benefit of the doubt (even though your gut says the opposite and you're pretty sure you recognize this customer), and dealing with the consequences that your manage thinks you made the wrong call because you're dumb/naive/apathetic.", "link_id": "t3_byz2se", "time": 1560266001}}
{"eqpu4c6": {"text": "Hahaha NOPE. Cultivating relationship, educating your customers, and shaping the culture of your cafe, restaurant, or wherever is actually really important.", "link_id": "t3_byz2se", "time": 1560204434}}
{"eqpe4jf": {"text": "These entitled, cheap-ass customers suck. They're not tipping or otherwise improving the atmosphere of the shop with their presence. Overall, I think it hurts the morale and atmosphere by more than just the 8 cents. Some people need to feel good by pulling shit like this, and I do feel sorry for them. Accommodate them, and they'll be back. Probably with even more nonsense. And think that you should be grateful for their patronage. However, it would be far greater if they just never came back.", "link_id": "t3_byz2se", "time": 1560198688}}
{"eqogn2l": {"text": "Im so proud of you, internet stranger. Just as a thing that I think might help, I'll share my thinking on selfcare and food. Taking care of my food requirements when I'm upset(bipolar can be rough) is really tough. I tend to either binge eat takeout or don't eat, and then I feel more stressed out. Anyway, I recently tried out the Gobble meal kit. I'm not shilling for them, but I feel like shit today, and I'm happy to have something stupid-easy to make, and there's veggies in there. I don't have it in me this week to meal plan and go to the store. Sounds like you don't either. Hang in there", "link_id": "t3_byxhy9", "time": 1560188309}}
{"eqiwoi2": {"text": "You've had a tough road, and I'm so sorry. It sounds like your best option is to keep trying to protect your daughter as best you can. In your shoes, I would set (and communicate and record) that you're setting a new boundary that as soon as he hints about or says something about suicide, then the call ends. Who could argue with that being in the best interest of a child? I think I'd sit right next to her, because he is bound to test it.", "link_id": "t3_bycc1m", "time": 1560094890}}
{"eqifee2": {"text": "At the very least, record the next video chat. And then you can send it to your lawyer when you feel like tackling this problem. I would also check with a lawyer to see what can be done (varies by location) when he seems suicidal... maybe a wellness check? Could you have him admitted to the hospital? Can you call his family? Or whatever. If I were your kid, it would be terrible to hear your dad contemplating suicide, while your mom overhears and doesn't seem to try to help.", "link_id": "t3_bycc1m", "time": 1560085900}}
{"eqhicul": {"text": "Just go into the meetup with an open mind and no grudge. Best case scenario is that this is a person who will treat your kid well and care for them with love. The best way to give that a chance is for you to have an open heart and an open mind. Doing anything else makes your ultimate goal less likely.", "link_id": "t3_byg37a", "time": 1560060052}}
{"eqhbzv0": {"text": "The fact that hes actively suicidal and telling your child about it IS a big deal. Its time to escalate this to professionals, not just tey to figure it out on your own. Lawyer time.", "link_id": "t3_bycc1m", "time": 1560054297}}
{"eqgke6g": {"text": "It is definitely a thing -- mostly it's a big red flag that you're not doing okay. Call your pdoc ASAP.", "link_id": "t3_by9yc0", "time": 1560037769}}
{"eqgjfot": {"text": "Your kid has the right to know their father, to the extent that it is feasible. You have the responsibility to not speak badly of the kid's other parent. You also have the responsibility to do your best to accommodate their attempts at getting to know your kid. I don't see how it would be fair to your kid to further limit their contact with their father. There are plenty of age-appropriate ways to explain to a kid that their dad is very sick, and can't be in their daily life. Kids are adaptable.", "link_id": "t3_bycc1m", "time": 1560037337}}
{"eqc0fku": {"text": "I just fell in love.", "link_id": "t3_bxyijn", "time": 1559960046}}
{"eq9q1bm": {"text": "I feel for you. Honestly, it sounds like that was a manic episode, because of the extremes of the behavior, plus the intrusive thoughts about the narrator reading your mind. That sucks, and I've been through a similar episode. My best recommendation is to keep to as tight of a routine as possible. Sleeping late, binging TV, getting high, getting drunk, all those \"normal\" things are destabilizing in an already triggering environment. A job, a volunteer gig, a new exercise hobby, maybe some distance education classes with a purpose... those should all help. I would be extremely vigilant for symtoms, and call your pdoc immediately when you see your sleep hygiene decline and \"fun meter\" hitting those extremes. You can get some pharmaceutical help to reduce the severity of your mood episodes. It's worth it. Best of luck :)", "link_id": "t3_bxsa6v", "time": 1559914911}}
{"epz45ja": {"text": "The child possession order schedule should dictate who picks up and drops of the child for visitation. It also dictates the place of the hand-off of the kid. If you've got one of these in place, violating the order is a big deal. Do you at least have a temporary order?", "link_id": "t3_bwn9bs", "time": 1559657994}}
{"epw8v9d": {"text": "Just to talk about logistics for a minute... In my area, that's exactly how daycares charge, it's all or nothing ng. You're paying for fulltime, whether or not the kid is there every week or not. (Like $45 dollars a day wouldn't be absurd, depending on where you are.) So paying for daycare is a serious issue. You don't just get to play for every other week. Wasting $400+ a month would make me cranky, on top of messing up my kid's routine. I'm still paying for the entire month of June, even though my ex is taking the kids on a long vacation. So yeah, $400+ is going just to save his spot.", "link_id": "t3_bw3pi3", "time": 1559569405}}
{"epthg1z": {"text": "Keep reminding yourself that you are sick right now. Be kind to yourself today and until you get the meds and therapy you need. Sunshine, exercise, snuggling your pets.", "link_id": "t3_bvuarv", "time": 1559490277}}
{"ept4esm": {"text": "I love Daylio. I hate it when the achievements call me out. I got the \"Rollercoaster\" one. True, but LOL", "link_id": "t3_bvr9rr", "time": 1559481323}}
{"epr42gb": {"text": "The 5 Guys on the West Island was my little expat piece of home. Cheers", "link_id": "t3_bvmuh0", "time": 1559417951}}
{"epr3tqh": {"text": "I'd be pretty into it if a dude did all of MY chores. Otherwise, gross. Doing your own share of chores gets you a golf clap, not a BJ.", "link_id": "t3_bvesl8", "time": 1559417820}}
{"eppzvdy": {"text": "I so identify with your story, and your anguish. Sometimes we/women get so good at managing the kids, household, cleaning, etc. without seeming too flustered that it all looks like it is effortless. Of course, it's the opposite. I just got a new assistant manager where I work, and I'll just be busting my ass, as usual, and she'll simply say 'I appreciate you!', like several times a day. It really weirded me out and made me super uncomfortable... and then I realised that being appreciated and *told so* is something that just wasn't done for years and years. You deserve appreciation too.", "link_id": "t3_bv8v0u", "time": 1559396149}}
{"epp1qb6": {"text": "I'm sorry you've found yourself in a similar situation. Your time and effort and emotional labor ARE important and valuable.", "link_id": "t3_bv8v0u", "time": 1559360733}}
{"epp1h89": {"text": "I dont think its coincidence that you're feeling conflicted about your fathers marriage history while you're planning your own wedding. I can tell that this is something really important to you, but I'm having a hard time seeing why. What do you stand to  lose by just meeting and being civil to your dad's wife? Are you punishing your dad for his relationships or his parenting, or are you trying to stick up for your mom? Making dramatic threats and ultimatums isnt particularly helpful to the things that you say you do care about: your relationship with your brother, and planning your upcoming wedding. How your dad treated your mom (short of serious physical abuse) is between them, and isn't part of the relationship you have/could have had with your dad. Carring a lifelong grudge over that isnt necessary or helpful or a path to happiness. Seems to me that the easiest answer is to let your dad marry whoever he wants (which he will do anyway) and just accept it for what it is. He's trying to find happiness, in his own way. Make sure that you're not dragging all this relationship baggage into your upcoming marriage.", "link_id": "t3_bvdnc6", "time": 1559360479}}
{"epo4v1m": {"text": "After living like that for a long time, you start to believe it might be true.", "link_id": "t3_bv8v0u", "time": 1559338437}}
{"epnr6ds": {"text": "Thanks for that. It's been a hard road, but oh so worth it. On the surface, unfair division of housework and parenting seems like a trivial and common complaint. Underneath, it was a very ugly dynamic.", "link_id": "t3_bv8v0u", "time": 1559331913}}
{"epn7tz9": {"text": "I used to think that if I could just write a chore chart well enough to get my husband to understand, then he'd see how much I do, and how he needs to contribute much more to the running of the household. If I showed him just how much work I do that he doesnt see, etc. The fact is: he thinks his time, sleep, and free time is more important than mine. Nothing changed that underlying assumption, not nagging, not even me pointing out clearly that he doesn't do anywhere close to his share of the work to be done. We separated. It's so much easier to clean my home without him living there. I used to dread being entirely in charge of chores, plus the kids live with me, but even single parenting is easier without him taking up space being an adult-child. When I was younger, I had no idea how much this is a dealbreaker for me. Anyone that wants to live with me had better be a real partner, take responsibility without nagging and reminders, and make my life easier for their presence, not add onto my already extensive to do list. That's not a lot to ask, but amazingly, deep-seates misogyny means it kinda is.", "link_id": "t3_bv8v0u", "time": 1559323004}}
{"epdukaa": {"text": "Nah, I totally disagree. I was an expat for 4 years in a place where everyone else was fluent in 2, 3 or even 4 languages. Nothing else has ever made me feel like a dumb, oblivious Amercian like answering \"Just English\" when someone asked me what languages I spoke. I'm an educated, open-minded person, but being monolingual gives a pretty negative first impression", "link_id": "t3_buh3tz", "time": 1559174197}}
{"ep6hln0": {"text": "It is sometimes used as monotherapy, particularly because the side effect profile is pretty easy to deal with. Most people need more to control bipolar longterm. If you can manage/identify a lot of your triggers and manage your behavioral factors (booze, exercise, sunshine, etc) then you have a better chance of making it work.", "link_id": "t3_bu0xbg", "time": 1559069113}}
{"ep61b82": {"text": "5 months is not long at all, good grief. She's far too new on the scene to be making demands. My ex and I have an agreement that we meet the other person's SO before that SO is introduced to the kids. We go out and have lunch or something, just to get a feel for that new person entering our kids' lives. It has always been a good experience. I'd suggest that all you adults go out to dinner ASAP and just get to know each other a bit more. She may be able to pick up on your non-romantic relationship with your coparent. You also get to gently let her know *your* expectations. For example, is this new gf allowed to pick up your kid from school or daycare? Is she an emergency contact? Is she allowed to physically discipline your kid? How is your child to address her (first name only, Miss X, or whatever)? Are you comfortable with this new GF sleeping over when your child is there? (I don't think you can actually enforce this one.) This shows the real situation, if anything, YOU get to make the demands, not her. I would be friendly, but firm. Your coparent seeing your attitude here is also a good thing. He may not realize what his GF is texting you. This lady isn't a stepparent yet, though she might be someday. In the meantime, your contact with her will be in case of emergency only.", "link_id": "t3_btwq7n", "time": 1559063416}}
{"ep13b99": {"text": "In my state, a standard noncustodial parent custody is given a standard possession order (SPO) that is basically 1st, 3rd, and 5th weekends, plus one weeknight, and parenting time on holidays. I question why he would want more than that, given that hes not around that much to take care of his daughter on his time. Is there an issue of child support involved? Perhaps he doesnt have to pay anything if parenting time is 50%/50%?", "link_id": "t3_bto61w", "time": 1558983848}}
{"ep12of5": {"text": "I really wish you the best of luck. Trying to balance what's best for my kids vs. their right to have a relationship with their dad is tough. My ex is such a slob, and I hate to see what a mess the kids live in when they're at his house. It just irks me to no end. His slobbiness is one of the reasons we simply can't stay together. But I have had to come to terms with the fact that I can't fix it. That's coming from a person who nearly offered to clean his new apartment for him, so my kids didnt live in a mess. Btw, I applaud you for getting your kid the help they need. You really come across as a loving, supportive parent for your daughter.", "link_id": "t3_btjrdn", "time": 1558983612}}
{"ep0mi2k": {"text": "Maybe he would be more amenable to the SPO than week on/week off? It sounds like she is the one who wants custody, rather than him?", "link_id": "t3_bto61w", "time": 1558977431}}
{"ep00h3p": {"text": "You seem really, really involved with the day-to-day minutia of how your ex lives his life with the kids. I think designing menus, linking food items, etc. is way over the line. That's not coparenting, that's parenting at a distance. And controlling.I really don't understand the issues around your daughter and food. Having a meltdown over fastfood on a busy weeknight is worrying. Home cooked dinners made together EVERY night is an unrealistic expectation for a single parent working fulltime. You've described a person working 11 hour days, cooking a dinner for his kid (most nights), and who spends a little time before bed having personal time. He has little patience (or understanding) for his moody daughters tantrums. It's not 100% perfect, but that's not monstrous. That's better than average, actually. If theres a concern about your daughters tantrums, then a therapist is what needs to happen next, rather than micromanaging any stressors that happen at her dad's house.", "link_id": "t3_btjrdn", "time": 1558968990}}
{"eov7587": {"text": "Ugh, no. You're in hypomania. Feeling like hypomanic-you is the real-you is a symptom as much as anything else you've written here. You kinda sound like you're getting even more elevated mood, but I'm not inside your head. It's time to call your pdoc and let them know that you need a tune-up. The longer this up episode goes on, the worse the rebound-depression is going to be. The lack of sleep and hypersexuality will eventually cause some serious consequences. I've been there, too. I know it feels good right now, but it's time to get your systems regulated again.", "link_id": "t3_bt6mdx", "time": 1558889918}}
{"eon8ebc": {"text": "Ultimately, your kid knows you're there for him. You show up. You're easy to blow up at BECAUSE he knows you love him unconditionally. What he's saying to you, he actually wants to say to his mon. But he can't. Just keep showing up, and stay above making negative comments about your ex. As a kid from a f'ed up house, you just gott weather these storms. It'll work out in the end.", "link_id": "t3_bsbseu", "time": 1558706653}}
{"eoj18pp": {"text": "Jokes on you -- I'm both! Buckle up!", "link_id": "t3_bs2qy6", "time": 1558631406}}
{"eod76f9": {"text": "I think you're still in the grieving process for the dream that you had for the family you were creating. Focusing on perfect images (not reality) of someone else's life isn't helpful or productive for your life, and your family.  You have to draw the line between coparenting and being in a sorta- romantic relationship fantasy. I think you should have cancelled the zoo trip, rather than engage in a battle for what you wanted (a family day) when he wanted to do the least work possible. Build the life you want for you and your daughter, one that isn't based on your ex's presence or participation.", "link_id": "t3_brek2n", "time": 1558469462}}
{"eod3kdg": {"text": "Pregnancy hormones can rev up your sex drive a LOT. Been preggo twice. It was a wild ride of hormones. I read so so much erotica when I was pregnant, and have the Amazon Kindle library to remind me of just how weird some of it was.I wouldn't make any major assumptions about where your sex life issues and sex drive are when you're not hormonal from pregnancy, childbirth, and breastfeeding (if you choose to do so). Seriously, you're on a rollercoaster for the next three months. Don't do anything permanent or hurtful to your husband until things are more settled.", "link_id": "t3_braohf", "time": 1558467953}}
{"enwkaxj": {"text": "There are valid reasons for staying single. I don't consider reading other people's stories are one of them Though you can learn some important truths from other people's disasters:Heres what I've learned from reading and my own relationship adventures :1. To be in a good, healthy relationship you both have to bring your best, authentic, already-been-to-therapy-and-did-the-work self. A relationship won't cure anything. 2. You've got to be able to identify the red flags for what they are (which the posts in /relationships and /justnoso generally don't) and have the bravery to leave a souring relationship. 3. You have to own your relationship trauma/triggers and do your best to communicate them in a healthy way. It's not fair to make a partner blindly walking through an emotional minefield. 4. You have to have/save the space in your schedule and lifestyle to accommodate another person. Be happy on your own first, but be honest with yourself about how much time and energy you have or want to give to a relationship. 5. As you are getting to know someone new, resist the urge to \"fill in the gaps\" by making assumptions about the things they are leaving out. The persona you create in your mind isn't actually the real person that you're dating. It's far easier to fall in love with the fake person in your mind than it is the actual, flawed person. I think being single is both a valid lifestyle choice, and also an important stage of preparing your self/life to be in a healthy relationship.", "link_id": "t3_bpnxiq", "time": 1558098508}}
{"enths3v": {"text": "I try to put my kid into normal, rough and tumble-type summer camps and afterschool programs. I push him hard academically at home (we have to homeschool math), and support the school's efforts to challenge him in his gifted pullout program and in-class lesson extension activities. From my perspective and experience, it can be difficult for gifted kids and adults to gain the social skills they need to be with typical age-peers. In addition to academic skills, I push social skill development, too.", "link_id": "t3_bpg7u8", "time": 1558042250}}
{"ensgb3l": {"text": "Balancing coparenting and a social life is hard. As the exwife/mom in a similar coparenting schedule, I'd beg you to not undervalue how hard it is to get the kids up for school, put them to bed, and make sure they have lunches made, homework done, afterschool curriculums sorted out, and all the food, clothing, teacher and birthday gifts purchased, etc. I'm not saying you're my ex, but he doesnt see all this boring parenting work that I do and keep track of. He gets to be the fun weekend parent who feeds them pizza and chicken nuggets, and takes them fun places (when he can be bothered). I'm the homework, broccoli, and laundry parent. It's a balancing act for everyone. When I \"take\" one of his weekends, it means that I have the kids every night for nearly 2 weeks straight. If you want your ex to compromise, first you have to truly put yourself in her shoes. One of the secrets of effective negotiating is understanding and validating your counterpart's motivations and situation. I think you can get a schedule that works better for you both if you can manage that.", "link_id": "t3_bparj7", "time": 1558028464}}
{"enn1llj": {"text": "Thanks for posting this. I was moving I this direction, but I have some fine-tuning to work on. The water setup in particular is what I needed.", "link_id": "t3_boz9ni", "time": 1557939624}}
{"emoj31k": {"text": "Those poor dupes! At least give them some flowerpots to cheer up their cellblock!", "link_id": "t3_blfkzb", "time": 1557177818}}
{"elkx2mk": {"text": "Omg the sex toys and moving to Costa Rica. Textbook mania, right there. I dont mean to sound like a broken record, but you have to keep viewing him as a very, very ill person with bipolar. Denying the diagnosis and going off meds is as much textbook bipolar as the rest of it. If you do indeed want the person you love back, he needs to be committed to the hospital and be put on antipsychotics. He IS psychotic, in the literal sense. He  is a serious danger to himself.", "link_id": "t3_bge9wl", "time": 1556034353}}
{"elkk4zl": {"text": "This is still within the pattern of \"behavior that fits within a manic episode.\" Hypersexuality and indiscriminate sex are common symptoms of an elevated mood state. They would be present at/around the same time as his other psychosis-related symptoms. He is still actively ill.", "link_id": "t3_bge9wl", "time": 1556026029}}
{"el4aylr": {"text": "I got several 3/4 sleeve button up shirts off of Amazon. Riders by Lee, easy care work shirt. Have washed them a bunch and never iron anything. But I look put-together, and the dark colors don't get stained by frapp roast.", "link_id": "t3_be8y8w", "time": 1555523532}}
{"ekww7u9": {"text": "I appreciate your perspective. I think where our perspectives truly diverge is where I think it's important not to undersell how much work it takes to get and stay stable. I think that its important that people don't just think that being bipolar is just being moody or dramatic.", "link_id": "t3_bd1rjo", "time": 1555294754}}
{"ekvzc6r": {"text": "I have to disagree, I do think its insulting to use bipolar as a pejorative and/or to describe something as mundane as the weather. Not to mention, its inaccurate. Mania isn't all sunshiney and rainbows --- for a lot of people, it's a massive destructive force that devastates the existing structures and relationships you have, and hallucinations and delusions are often scary as fuck. I would probably not \"come out\" to someone using bipolar as an adjective like that. I'm not often in the mood to educate folks on my disorder when they use words about mental illness carelessly.", "link_id": "t3_bd1rjo", "time": 1555267915}}
{"ektgiqa": {"text": "Hell yes \u00d7 1000. Theres a big overlap for me between PMDD/mixed episodes. I have to take extra care to keep things stable during the week before my period. Or I'm a straight up raging asshole hormone monster.", "link_id": "t3_bcr3tn", "time": 1555183921}}
{"ekelog0": {"text": "I've read along your saga a bit, and wow. As a bipolar person who is also a responsible parent, I feel like you're going to need to give this WAY more time. Don't answer his calls, and give yourself the distance that you need to feel safe. Self-care for you and your kid comes before his desire to stay in contact. The intensity of mania that he is in and has been in is a big deal. Think of it like a major surgery or traumatic car crash. It takes months to recover from that kind of brain trauma. He may never be the same guy that he was before this manic episode. It's going to take time plus trial and error to get his meds in a good, effective cocktail. In your shoes, I'd probably file for divorce and try to decide how involved I would want to be in his longterm care, as he recovers and tries to get/stay stable. Bipolar people can be good parents and good partners, but getting and staying stable is essential. My kids are my North Star in my quest to be as stable and healthy a parent as I can be. Maybe once your SO gets effective treatment, he will feel the same way about stability for the sake of his family. But for now, he is not a safe person for you or your child to be around. Stay safe.", "link_id": "t3_bar9lc", "time": 1554747444}}
{"ejvjwuc": {"text": "For my situation, auto-importing is absolutely the way to go. It keeps me honest and makes sure that I'm not forgetting about impulse buys and auto-pay subscriptions. I've posted about this before, but manic-spending (I have bipolar) is an intermittent problem, and YNAB is part of my system for catching it before it wrecks my finances. YNAB makes sure that I don't keep my head in the sand, for long, at least. (Which was my pre-YNAB position.) I usually try to manually import shopping trips where my categories are split (Target, Costco, etc.), since having the receipt is much more helpful than trying to guess categories after the fact. I manually import when I'm more functional, and rely on auto-import to keep it all going when I'm struggling. I think that if the wider goal is to use YNAB to support people who come to budgeting and learning financial responsibility from different paths, backgrounds, and intellectual ability, then discouraging auto-import as \"Not Real YNAB\", isnt helpful to that long-term community goal. ", "link_id": "t3_b7zx64", "time": 1554129683}}
{"ejobj9h": {"text": "I feel you. I basically eloped because I didn't want to deal with my nDad at my wedding. He also threw a enormous fit about that, but it was still better than dealing with him at my wedding. A couple of years later he threw a massive tantrum during my brother's lovely destination wedding, and reneged on his financial contribution at the very last minute, just for good measure. Some days I feel regret that I have that particular kind of hole in my life, but I wouldn't change NC, ever. Recently, it made me really sad when my kid had a birthday and we don't have any extended family to invite. But under no circumstances will I let toxic family members around my kids. I'm so proud to have a household without emotional blackmail, shouting, or  conditional love. ", "link_id": "t3_b6wjhp", "time": 1553882381}}
{"eiyz2hd": {"text": "My appetite became more deregulated  on meds that are effective for my depression. Hard to manage weight when you cant trust your body's signals for hunger. ", "link_id": "t3_b3bcdq", "time": 1553102097}}
{"eitfcek": {"text": "My favorite cafe has a layout like an hold house with cozy rooms and cozy couches and chairs. They host community groups and events in the more private spaces. My meetup group is there several times a week, and it feels like a second home. The staff is consistently friendly and fun, and the drip coffee is great. I work in a chain, and although I like our cafe alright, the homey nature of my favorite one is second to none. ", "link_id": "t3_b2imf5", "time": 1552931408}}
{"eiityy8": {"text": "She sounds like she has untreated bipolar, not unipolar depression. The flirting and extreme behavior sounds like mania/hypomania to me.As a person WITH bipolar, I advise that you don't stay in a relationship with someone who isn't ready to treat it, accept it, and give all they've got to to get/stay healthy. Honestly same with depression, but doubly so for bipolar. Which I'd bet money on, based on your brief description. Also, regular depression meds often make bipolar more extreme. If she got markedly more out of control after starting wellbutrin or something similar, then that's another piece of evidence of a misdiagnosis. ", "link_id": "t3_b0zte0", "time": 1552583228}}
{"eiims4f": {"text": "Hello to all my fellow \"Both!\"", "link_id": "t3_b0p3x3", "time": 1552578642}}
{"eidgod2": {"text": "Energized shittiness", "link_id": "t3_b08a91", "time": 1552418379}}
{"eialf8l": {"text": "Trust that theres an awesome, healthy, medicated you underneath all that burden you've been carrying around. I highly recommend finding a bipolar or mental illness support group. Seeing and meeting and befriending people just like me, but a little further along the path was really encouraging in my own journey. Just having people who understand my struggles with finding meds and dealing with side effects was a huge help. ", "link_id": "t3_azqt87", "time": 1552329119}}
{"eia7iwy": {"text": "Tell someone you trust that you're sick, and have them sit with you while you call your doctor. You need to call your doctor asap. Those are all ugly symptoms of a building mania. I know the world seems scary right now, and you want to hide. Be brave for just a few minutes and make that call. There is nothing more important than getting help right now. ", "link_id": "t3_azq058", "time": 1552319723}}
{"ei9ybt2": {"text": "I love it. Really great book. Would be a good read before you have an episode. It includes advice for what to do when you're in a episode -- so practical, and something a lot of other books skip over.", "link_id": "t3_azgzx3", "time": 1552312632}}
{"ei9y5dv": {"text": "Hypersexuality is a real and very disruptive symptom. I think it lingered for me longer than the other symptoms of mania/hypomania. It's still there sometimes when I'm just the slightest bit elevated. I'm still figuring out how to manage it when I get a \"flare up.\" Sometimes I wonder if it's a permanent, brain rewiring rev-up of the libido. Find safe, casual partners or FWB, invest in a treasure trove of sex toys, and learn which outlets scratch that itch without so much risk of harm. Go get tested for STDs, at the very least. You didn't detail which types of high risk activities you're into right now, but I can fill in the gaps from my own history. You can be safe, responsible, AND have lots of fun sex. ", "link_id": "t3_azswxn", "time": 1552312480}}
{"ei9xa4z": {"text": "I think it helps to write out a list of reasons that I want to get stable and stay stable. When you're sick, it can be tough to make that list. But keep working on it. Healthy-me has stronger and more healthy relationships, is more present for my family, is making strides in a career, and is better able to help other people struggling with bipolar. I don't want the doldrums of depression or the hurricane of mania disrupting my life anymore. Learning how to keep myself more stable means that I can help my probably-bipolar kid to learn the things he needs to know. Being a stable, loving, reliable mom for my kids is my #1 mission in life. That's my list. I highly recommend that you make your own to serve as your compass when you're in the doldrums/hurricane and your motivation wavers. ", "link_id": "t3_azqt87", "time": 1552311720}}
{"ehxxzlh": {"text": "Hi bipolar-friend. I hope your medical ", "link_id": "t3_ay0a9q", "time": 1551904382}}
{"ehxxxnk": {"text": "I hope finally knowing your correct diagnosis helps you make sense of where you've been and the decisions that you've made. I felt like I finally had a lens for viewing my life that made sense. I felt so much better, just knowing that my problem had a name. I wasn't a bad person; I was a sick person. And now I fight every day to be a healthy one. It's a journey that I'm still on, but I believe in us and people like us. ", "link_id": "t3_ay0a9q", "time": 1551904349}}
{"ehxwk5g": {"text": "I totally get you. Endorphin-management is such a tricky road. Food and buying and various forms of escapism are all necessary for life, but when we feel bad, it's so easy to overeat, overspend, and checkout from life. Here's to progress and learning ourselves better. Glad that YNAB has you on a path towards your best life. Cheers! ", "link_id": "t3_ay0a9q", "time": 1551903468}}
{"ehxvsvn": {"text": "Such different approaches to finances is so tricky to navigate. I'm proud of you for taking the steps to pursue therapy and find meds that you like. Just getting that ball rolling feels is a giant emotional task. Good for you! Learning how to communicate better about priorities, emotions, and relationships has never been a waste of time or energy for me. I always end up a better person for it. Best of luck to you, internet-friend!", "link_id": "t3_ay0a9q", "time": 1551902974}}
{"ehxuz29": {"text": "Thanks :) I know we all struggle with different parts of life, and that being vulnerable can be a powerful force for good. Cheers!", "link_id": "t3_ay0a9q", "time": 1551902431}}
{"ehxuq23": {"text": "Thanks :) You might also like the app Daylio for tracking mood and anxiety. I love it and track anxiety-related symptoms, as well as the other triggers and behaviors I need to keep an eye on. It's a good source of data to share with your doctor, too. ", "link_id": "t3_ay0a9q", "time": 1551902268}}
{"ehsuvkx": {"text": "For me, I keep an eye out for a constellation of symptoms. Singly, they aren't a problem, but all together they mean something is up. I also track them in Daylio. Includes: mindless eating, picking at nails/skin, irritability, parenting is harder than usual, driving too fast, higher libido, no appetite, crying jags, and disassociating. ", "link_id": "t3_axbb6l", "time": 1551740526}}
{"ehptl5i": {"text": "I go to a support group for people with bipolar, and it has made all the difference for me. They are awesome people. We all have this thing that makes life more complicated, but we are loved and loveable. I know that AI am not doomed just because I have this; because I would never say or feel that THEY are doomed. We are all just trying to get and stay healthy. Med compliance, trigger awareness, behavioral modifications, and a supportive medical team and social group. That's the key, bringing all those resources together so that you dont veer too far off balance, and so that you can get back to baseline if that happens. You do the best you can with the resources you have. Keep building that awareness of your inner states and that quality support system. You've got this. ", "link_id": "t3_awtwh0", "time": 1551641543}}
{"ehfkont": {"text": "I don't hate it.... but, I feel like you're a good enough writer to do better. Does this show who you are? Almost. ", "link_id": "t3_avf4pu", "time": 1551306972}}
{"ehcxsal": {"text": "Yes, and I highly recommend using it to track general mood patterns. For me, it's also really useful to note certain behaviors of mine that tightly correlate to hypomania. ", "link_id": "t3_au6l90", "time": 1551226279}}
{"eh6ycz5": {"text": "Mania, for me, is like a 15 year old boy takes over my brain. The problem is that I still look like me... so people who know me as responsible and dependable don't see that I'm acting like a horny moron. It took awhile to get people to accept my diagnosis for the same reason.Understanding that my pre-menstrual hypomania (or PMDD) is slightly different than my regular hypomania is helpful for distinguishing constellations of symptoms.I'd suggest keeping a tight awareness of your symptoms and tracking them a few times a day in Daylio. He would probably learn a lot from seeing what your cycles feel like from your point of view. ", "link_id": "t3_au6l90", "time": 1551036594}}
{"eh6oak7": {"text": "Yup. Omegas and vitamin D both have research-confirmed effects on lessening/preventing depression. I treat them just like my Rx meds and put them in my pill case to take daily. ", "link_id": "t3_au5g43", "time": 1551029337}}
{"eh6nxhs": {"text": "I'd recommend taking a hard look at how many addicts and alcoholics you have in your family tree instead. In older generations of my family, it was A-okay to be an alcoholic, but god forbid you be diagnosed as crazy. Think about family history of opening (and failing at) small business ventures. Weird family feuds. Sudden moves to far away places. Getting married and divorced many times. People raising other people's kids because of *reasons* no one wants to talk about. No family history of bipolar for me. Giant family history of substance abuse and bizarre behavior. In hindsight, I think theres actually a strong family history, but it just is labelled and talked about in other ways. ", "link_id": "t3_au9qn2", "time": 1551029070}}
{"egzj0sc": {"text": "From a fellow newish player, you need to work on a more conservative start. Expanding your dupes to more than 4 in the early-game is going to create problems faster than you can fix them. For example, you don't need that many oxygen-generating things when you have fewer guys breathing all that oxygen. Food and dealing with bathroom chores is the same. Getting insulated tiles around your base quickly is more important than almost any other thing that I've learned to do more efficiently. Don't create unnecessary heat before you have a plan for keeping it away from your guys. This game is all about learning from your mistakes. Start again, and find a new and different way to doom your base. And then figure out how to avoid that for the next time. Rinse and repeat. ", "link_id": "t3_at8bf7", "time": 1550787520}}
{"egnt87g": {"text": "I'm procrastinating out in the parking lot, because theres a 90% chance one or more people called out today. And I'm going to have to solo bar. Time to face the music.......", "link_id": "t3_arer19", "time": 1550411816}}
{"eghenbp": {"text": "Just the image of him getting on the roof as a kindergartner is somewhat alarming. With 20 kids per teacher, one-on-one attention is limited. If he needs more, that's going to be problematic without some sort of diagnosis that gives him special education aides or additional resources. What sort of feedback did the school give when he was expelled? Was his assessment for a conduct disorder before or after being expelled? Some of the diagnostic criteria includes behaviors that rise to the seriousness of getting in trouble legally or that impede his ability to receive an education. Some areas have private or charter \"outdoor schools\" where the kids spend pretty much all day outside, for all subjects. Lots of movement and nature throughout the day. That might be an avenue for a very active kid that addresses his unique needs. ", "link_id": "t3_aqmdmc", "time": 1550177273}}
{"egh1yok": {"text": "Any school is going to look at that behavioral record and be worried. It sounds like your son may have some sort of developmental or conduct disorder like ODD, ADHD, or who knows what. But it's time to get him assessed for his behavioral issues by a professional psychologist. They can assess him for giftedness as well. But the academic issues cant be addressed before the behavioral. ", "link_id": "t3_aqmdmc", "time": 1550168693}}
{"egcvzsx": {"text": "Rescuing myself from hypomania: Meds, mild exercise, nature, baths, hugs, comedy, attend support group, journal, play musical instruments, and use PRN meds to reduce anxiety and sleeplessness. Preventing more elevation of mood: Staying away from caffeine, nicotine, alcohol; no hookups &amp; Tinder; avoid sugar binges, craft stores, travel. ", "link_id": "t3_aq0yg1", "time": 1550028337}}
{"eg8sttr": {"text": "I feel like the antipsychotics (or maybe just my bipolar) broke my \"hungry/full\" meter. So, I now know that I feel hungry when I shouldn't, and I don't feel hungry when I should. So food is something that I have to manage intellectually rather than instinctually. I've had binge-eating issues since I was a kidSome things do help. Intermittent fasting: I have a giant lunch with lots of calories and protein. Like 80% of my daily calories in one meal. High volume (veggies), high nutrition, high protein. If it's too low-fat, then I don't keep the full feeling for long. I eat something small for dinner, if anything. I've managed to keep my weight stable, and lose some extra weight as well. I drink a lot of water, tea, coffee... but I stay away from sodas and sweetened drinks because I have zero self-control when it comes to those. Just keeping binge-eating triggers inaccessible really helps. ", "link_id": "t3_apirik", "time": 1549911245}}
{"eg8s0df": {"text": "Absolutely call your doc ASAP. Those are significant side-effects, and they are things that your doc needs to know. You're not just supposed to zombie through those side-effects without updating anybody. Everybody reacts differently to meds. What level of depakote you need is unique to you. You might need to taper up more slowly, or you might need to try a different drug, dosage, or change the time of day you take your meds. But the starting point is to call the doc that manages your meds. ", "link_id": "t3_api58g", "time": 1549910791}}
{"eg8raza": {"text": "When I feel unsure about something, I research the fuck out of it. There are actually a LOT of bipolar people who have written books and memoirs about our disorder (I'm BD1 also). My Recommendations: \"Take Charge of Bipolar Disorder\" by Julie Fast. \"Rock Steady\" by Ellen Forney. \"Welcome to the Jungle\" by Hilary Smith. I really like the book \"Take Charge of Bipolar Disorder\" because it's a proactive, multifaceted approach. This is a book that you can work through with your family/support system to help you feel like bipolar isn't just something that happens *to you.* Yes, you do need medication and therapy, but you also have the ability to get to know how specific triggers, behaviors, environments, and thought processes affect you disorder. You might not be ready to jump in and \\**take charge\\** right now, and need to focus on just getting more stable first. That's totally okay. I've also recently stumbled across the book \"Rock Steady\". Funny, useful, not at all overwhelming, but super-informational; awesome awesome illustrations. Great book, even for someone who has already researched the fuck out of our disorder. One book that I'd recommend particularly for younger people with bipolar is \"Welcome to the Jungle\". Finding out that you have bipolar is a big deal at any age, but I think especially so when you're so young and still figuring out who you are/want to be. A huge part of my own coping toolbox is finding a really supportive and awesome support group. I feel like they're my tribe. They see me go up and come back down, and they give great feedback and lots of love. It's easy to feel alone in this, but the fact is that our disorder isn't that uncommon. You already know awesome bipolar people, you just don't know that you know them. Getting to know your triggers and how to feel better is a big part of managing this disease. I worked all weekend, did too many social engagements, and predicted that I'd need today to chill out at home and recover. I was right - woke up feeling terrible, but am getting back on track by having reasonable expectations for today and resting. A little exercise later in the day will help me bounce back tomorrow. &amp;#x200B;", "link_id": "t3_apijrq", "time": 1549910395}}
{"eg3pfwf": {"text": "Yup totally. Childhood trauma plus bipolar has made me really wonder who I am. I love that I've gained skills and knowledge and self-knowledge through all the ups and downs. It sounds like you're feeling a bit dissociated and out of sorts after a hypo/manic episode. For me, that transition is as much a part BD as all the ups and downs. Taking time to rediscover who I am and what I like has been hard but rewarding. Last year was rough. I came out of it a different person. My love languages have changed. My degree of introversion has changed. My libido has changed. None of it for the worse, just different.", "link_id": "t3_aoudm6", "time": 1549736425}}
{"efvb1cc": {"text": "By all means, continue to examine your beliefs and choose a life that's consistent with your values. There are many people who love and value honesty, loyalty, and honor. I hope you're able to connect with them, and feel less like someone destined for a hermitage. ", "link_id": "t3_anh5pg", "time": 1549461931}}
{"eftlbdh": {"text": "Hey, you might need to keep an eye out for hypomanic symptoms right now. There's a tone in your writing that I identify with when I'm hypomanic. Careless about other people's feelings, questioning their usefulness in your life, feeling like you've found some profound answers about the meaning of life. Those would be symptoms for some people of elevated mood. Keep taking care of yourself and keep your medical team updated. Cheers!", "link_id": "t3_anh5pg", "time": 1549400196}}
{"efaslq0": {"text": "Doubting you have bipolar is absolutely a symptom of it. Wanting to go off your meds is also a very common symptom. Feeling like your meds aren't the reason you're stable is ALSO a symptom. The more you know about bipolar will help. Left untreated, it's going to get worse. If you were my kid, I'd want you to have all the information you need about our disorder and the ways to treat it and prevent mood episodes. It sounds like you may have felt left out of your own diagnosis process, and that's not fair to you. Honestly, I do worry that one or both of my kids will develop bipolar, and I'd want them to feel both supported and knowledgeable about this disorder and how we control it. Ask for more information from your parents and your medical team. ", "link_id": "t3_al4p5d", "time": 1548798299}}
{"ef3iy3k": {"text": "Are you saying you went off your bipolar meds? Hormones definitely interfere with some womens mood cycles. Mine included. It sounds like you're possibly having some rapid cycling, or ar least need closer monitoring right now from your pdoc. BUT you can't just go off your meds. You're not cured. If you weren't having mood episodes, it very very likely means the meds were working, not that you should stop taking them. ", "link_id": "t3_akbso3", "time": 1548596387}}
{"ef12ltm": {"text": "Get a puppy or rescue a dog. They'll love you forever, snuggle you at night, and won't text other people. Consider the dumping a favor. Now you don't have to spend your life with someone shitty. You're free!", "link_id": "t3_ak0u8j", "time": 1548525581}}
{"eexicoa": {"text": "Yup yup. \"Mania gone bad\" is a great way to describe the last part of my manic episode. It may not totally feel like one just yet, but I consider the situation you've described as a mental health emergency. I think you find the mental health ER near you and tell the truth. Imagine everybody is bowling, but they've got bumpers on their lanes, and you don't. With meds and behavioral adjustments, you can learn to be a better bowler, and you wont end up with quite so many gutter balls/serious mood episodes. Your planned career may or may not work out, either with the diagnosis or without. You can't ignore bipolar and just go on as if it doesnt exist. Each serious episode damages your body and brain; the disordered behaviors (drinking, drugs, starving, over-doing literally everything) we do while sick makes the damage worse. You can get help and live a life that doesn't feel so out of control. A year ago, I was right in the middle of manic episode souring into what you're experiencing now. A BD diagnosis is scary, but not nearly as scary as living your life undiagnosed or underdiagnosed, and unmedicated. The meds for the anxiety especially have changed my life for the better. Like WORLDS better. It is so much more effective than trying to drink it away. ", "link_id": "t3_ajmv0u", "time": 1548427319}}
{"eex80fb": {"text": "Yeah, I'd ask your doc about switching it up. Gabapentin and seroquel feel really different to me. Seroquel also really helps with my depression (gabapentin is a weak mood stabilizer), on top of forcing me to get a full night's sleep. ", "link_id": "t3_ajnb0r", "time": 1548420810}}
{"eema4im": {"text": "I'm on your side. I'm bipolar also. But I'm going to tell you the truth, you have to get the depression under control and get into a better frame of mind before you're going to have success dating. Having a girlfriend requires you to be in relatively good working order, and it doesn't sound like you're there right now.I'm reading that you want to meet people, but you don't want to do the things that lead you to meet people.  Your meds probably need a tune up, based on the tone of your post, and it's time for therapy to help guide you through some of the loss of self-esteem you've suffered with your diagnosis and simply just being depressed for long periods of time. You're not fatally flawed, and BD doesnt mean you can't date and fall in love. But it does mean you have a responsibility to get a stable, healthy baseline. I'll warn you from experience, hookups when you aren't in a good place are likely going to bring more chaos and loneliness to your life. Good luck out there!", "link_id": "t3_ai56mf", "time": 1548081822}}
{"eejs42y": {"text": "Yeah, \"as manic\" is still not doing okay. It doesn't feel as bad as it actually is, in my experience. Be honest with your doc about the dissociation and any other anomalies or risk-taking that's going on. ", "link_id": "t3_ahy20f", "time": 1548005873}}
{"eegg1is": {"text": "Hey, so, have you been to therapy? If you have a strong attraction to sociopaths and people who arent into you, then that's something to work through with a professional. Being in a long relationship with a toxic person may be part of the problems you're dealing with in the OLD arena. My advice: if everyone you date needs to see a therapist, time to look inside and work on the dysfunction that is attracting them to you. Lived it. Got help for my untreated nonsense. In a surpsisingly healthy relationship, finally. ", "link_id": "t3_ahllly", "time": 1547921137}}
{"edw5bup": {"text": "You sound unconvinced about the fact that she does want to break up, despite her telling you multiple times. Consider that your refusal to listen to her and take her seriously is part of the problems that she sees in your relationship. ", "link_id": "t3_af0v1c", "time": 1547301946}}
{"edv46ji": {"text": "Well, for me, depression and/or anxiety isn't a relationship dealbreaker. However, refusal to get help, via medical, behavioral, and therapeutic routes *is*. I've been in a 10 year marriage that dealt with those issues. In the end, lack of change and growth in that area killed the relationship. You can't change someone else. It's a case of leading a horse to water, and then waiting for years for the stupid f-ing horse to drink. ", "link_id": "t3_af0v1c", "time": 1547263029}}
{"eduhviv": {"text": "I think the first step is acknowledging that you can't \\*make\\* her happy or sad, and she can't \\*make\\* you happy or sad. You mentioned several times this feeling of responsibility for your ex-girlfriend's emotional state, it being your job to \"make it better.\" You are not responsible for your partner's feelings; that's their responsibility. You can support them, love them, cheerlead for them, but you can't control their feelings. You are only responsible for your behavior, and for treating your (ex)girlfriend with kindness and honesty. Now, she may actually be depressed; it sounds like she's got a lot of stress and perhaps not much in the way of stress management. You can encourage her to go to therapy and to see a doctor about appropriate medication. But \\*you\\* aren't her therapist, and cannot be that person for her. Her brain chemistry is not something that you have control over or responsibility for, either. She can choose to get help, or she can choose not to pursue it right now. It sounds like she's unhappy in general, as well as unhappy in this (ex)relationship. Honestly, if she wants to break up, she gets to do that. You don't have a say in the matter. There's no such thing as getting to veto a breakup. She's your ex-girlfriend, not a hostage. ", "link_id": "t3_af0v1c", "time": 1547246730}}
{"edqsoib": {"text": "Totally. I was definitely more of a risk when I was unmedicated and manic. Texting and reading Wikipedia at 75 mph? I'm horrified about all the dumb stuff I did while driving. ", "link_id": "t3_aekyrs", "time": 1547153628}}
{"edqrhu8": {"text": "No meds SO FAR... but there's a lot out there and many, many combinations. You don't have to just ride this out forever. The desire to just give up is depression, not reality. We are all rooting for you, dude. ", "link_id": "t3_aeilz2", "time": 1547152996}}
{"ediig40": {"text": "If you have a red category, it's a signal that you need to follow the \"Roll with the Punches\" rule. Money has to be reallocated in the budget to cover that overspending.", "link_id": "t3_adht9i", "time": 1546900042}}
{"edco71h": {"text": "That's me and craft stores. DANGER! 10000 hobbies to start, all in one convenient location. ", "link_id": "t3_act50j", "time": 1546743368}}
{"edbxy4m": {"text": "The problem is really that you're defining your sex life pretty narrowly. It makes sense to go sit down with a couples counselor to help y'all redefine your sexual needs and wants, and learn how to talk about them. The current situation isn't sustainable, clearly. You may need to put your longterm plans on hold while you figure out what these diagnoses mean for your life together. Are frequent long-term periods without sexual contact the 'price of admission' for this relationship? Many, many MANY people would consider that too high a price to pay. You can love each other deeply and still realize that you're not good life partners for each other. ", "link_id": "t3_acyorn", "time": 1546725369}}
{"edbmhg5": {"text": "As one bipolar person to another, holy shit. You've just gone through several of the biggest triggers for a mood episode: wedding, job loss, travel, and major conflict with a loved one. Its time to circle the wagons and make sure you have the tools you need: meds may need adjusting, therapy, light box, exercise, support group, etc. All of the above. I'm concerned that your partner either do not know or does not care about his role in helping you stay healthy. It's not easy being the SO of a bipolar person -- but he signed up for better or worse. And he really dropped the ball here. You were in crisis, and instead of helping support you, he made things much worse. He absolutely should have known better, it's a low bar to expect that of a partner, and he has no excuse.Disability or no, pressuring you to pretend to be happy and horny is NOT okay. You deserve to be in a relationship with someone who always respect your feelings and bodily autonomy. ", "link_id": "t3_acq6vu", "time": 1546717751}}
{"ed3lqcp": {"text": "I agree with you OP, 100%. I'm a woman, but this is a hill that I would die on, too. I don't think it's silly or selfish. It's okay to have certain non-negotiables in a relationship; this one reflects your personal values and moral code. It's who you are; I don't think that's a thing that you should be talked out of. Apparently your not-fiancee's moral code values her tradition more than it does your convictions. I'd be very concerned that she doesn't take your values seriously, since she thinks you ought to abandon them when it's for her sake. Yikes. ", "link_id": "t3_abupdm", "time": 1546460631}}
{"ecw4gvf": {"text": "Good for you! One of the most positive things I (accidentally) did for myself was to write a long list of things that I deserved in a partner. E.g. \"I deserve a partner who plans for a future with me. I deserve a partner who is honest about their use of drugs and alcohol. I deserve a partner who actively takes care of our pets. I deserve a partner who values my sleep, free time, and career as equal to their own.\" The list is long, but after a long relationship where I was taught to give up on all these things, this list meant a lot. I still go back and read that list. Not just to serve as a reminder of how bad things were, but as a guide towards what I deserve on my next serious relationship. Get mad. Stay mad. Get free. Stay free. I believe in you! :)", "link_id": "t3_aawyyy", "time": 1546198947}}
{"eculxjq": {"text": "I think that being more stable does take away that manic *compulsion* to create (for me, writing). Without mania, it is work and effort to create, as it should be, really. It took a bit for my brain to recover after mania; I thought it was solely the fault of the meds when I felt less and less creative, but I'm convinced now that it's just part of the recovery process after extreme mood episodes. A sick brain can only do so much before it needs to rest and recover. I'll write up a storm when the hypomania swings by again, but I'll also take it as a red flag that I need to manage my BD more effectively. ", "link_id": "t3_aarr9a", "time": 1546142694}}
{"ec82ck5": {"text": "Yup. Sounds a lot like bipolar II. You might look into it, or at least trying an antidepressant that works for BD. Hypomania, for me, almost always includes a burning passion for new hobbies and often an entirely new career path. Or both. ", "link_id": "t3_a7xu5z", "time": 1545358828}}
{"ebzzipz": {"text": "I'd deal with the trust and separation issues primarily rather than making peaceful overnights the main goal. I think it would help if she spent a few weekends where Dad picks her up in the morning on Saturday and she spends the entire day with Dad and a lot of time at his house. Then he drops her off with you right before bedtime. Repeat for Sunday. Repeat for a few weekends as she gets used to spending time at the new house and hopefully has some naps over there. I'd expect resistance based on what you've written. (I also have kids who have had sleep issues arise when underlying issues need to be dealt with.) I think it is easier for kids to have daytime/playtime in the new environment, and then have their familiar bed. She's dealing with a lot changing all at once, and I wouldn't fight the bedtime fight before you really have to. My kids are especially clingy the first night back from being at their dad's house, and I just roll with it and set aside extra time to give them all the hugs and snuggles they need. They tend to stick to me like velcro that first night, so I'll often cosleep that evening. I prefer to start in their bed though, so I can escape to mine when I feel like it. You know what your kid needs reassuring about more than anybody else. For my younger kid, we repeat \"Mama loves you ALL the time.\" For my older kid, I found him a kid's smartwatch where he can text and call me, and then he doesn't feel quite so far away (and I worry less). It's gotten easier on all of us with time and practice, and we've made progress figuring out which routines help us feel connected and loved. ", "link_id": "t3_a6ymhf", "time": 1545078227}}
{"ebzqvzt": {"text": "If it were me, I would take note of it as a symptom to track on Daylio (where I track my mood and symptoms). There are certain activities I do more when I'm manic or hypomanic. For example, if I'm picking at my nails and skin multiple days in a row, it is a signal that something's up. I've got a number of other things that I've learned are usually mood episode-related (like hypersexuality) or sort of related (like intense irritability), and I've found it useful to track all of these. It helps me see when exactly mood episodes start to build and then ebb. It's interesting but probably not useful to try to figure out the \"why\" behind all of these weird and annoying symptoms. For me, bipolar is a mix of executive functions are not working properly (e.g. no verbal filter, normal things looking off), and biological systems (like sleep and libido) are varying levels of dysregulated. ", "link_id": "t3_a6y6hd", "time": 1545071561}}
{"ebzpp0c": {"text": "Get mad, stay mad, and break up ASAP. It's not unreasonable to expect honesty and clarity. Don't put up with this terrible behavior from anyone just because it feels normal to you. And consider how you found yourself in a relationship with a man who lies to you in such a familiar way. Make honesty, even when it's difficult, a priority in your life and a dealbreaker issue for anyone you date. Consider how and why you went on a trip you couldn't afford and bought lots of things that you couldn't afford, just to avoid an argument/conversation about expectations, promises, and money. ", "link_id": "t3_a71mqf", "time": 1545070632}}
{"ebzp0g1": {"text": "The relationship is over, and should stay over. I think that ultimately she did him a giant favor by having this tantrum about guarantees. They want different things out of life both right now, and for the next few years. He is focusing on the things important to him - getting his Ph.D., working towards his professional goals, etc, and good for him. She is focusing on the things in the relationship that he can't and won't provide to her. Only 8 months into a relationship is FAR too early to be making promises about the future, and he is fully correct to be doubting that Julia is as a person he wants to be with long-term. It sounds to me like she really, really wants to get engaged, which is a terrible, terrible idea. ", "link_id": "t3_a71uae", "time": 1545070091}}
{"ebzo3lq": {"text": "Two years is no time at all to be processing the death of a loved one. I don't disagree about how helpful it is to work with a professional to help in the grieving process, but that process can take a lot of time, even if you're doing all you can to deal with that loss. ", "link_id": "t3_a71wri", "time": 1545069356}}
{"ebznz60": {"text": "It sounds like both you and your husband come from troubled/toxic families. It's really hard to learn good emotional communication and healthy boundaries in those types of family environments. I highly, highly suggest either couples counseling or individual counseling for you. An achievable goal for therapy would be to become more comfortable advocating for your emotional safety (like telling people that their language is offensive). Another goal would be to talk about your brother's death in an emotionally safe environment so that you can make sense of the ways that it's affected you. Your in-laws won't become radically more compassionate people, but you have the option of changing how you approach that situation both mentally and in a practical manner. I think a healthy boundary would be to greatly limit the amount of time you spend with his family this Christmas. It's a tough time of year for people who have lost someone close to them, and self-care this time of year is super important. Take the time to take care of your self, and you and your husband deserve the chance to build your own traditions. ", "link_id": "t3_a71wri", "time": 1545069258}}
{"ebzn7g9": {"text": "The solution is to just keep being a good person and working on yourself. You should be really proud that you ended a bad relationship, examined your goals and dreams for your life, and are making great strides towards figuring out the kind of love and relationships you want in your life. Your friends will also recognize these changes in you, and an ex's opinion and tales about you won't be very convincing. Ultimately, you can't control other people or your reputation. All you can control is your own behavior. Keep work life professional and hold your head high. Honestly, your ex is really making himself look bitter and immature, especially as more and more time goes by. ", "link_id": "t3_a71x3t", "time": 1545068651}}
{"ebzmg9t": {"text": "I have some slightly different advice to offer, though there are some great comments in this thread about the philosophy of budgeting.I suffer from anxiety, among some other things. The problem with having generalized anxiety is that it always finds something to focus on, whether or not that something is an actual problem. From time to time, that anxiety settles on my financial situation. You described your constant fear of overspending, that anxiety spiral, and the problems its caused in your relationship. I highly recommend that you talk to your doctor, therapist, or a psychiatrist about addressing your anxiety. You may or may not benefit from medication or therapy, but I can tell you that addressing my anxiety directly has greatly improved my life. I originally found YNAB because I was terrified about my financial situation and thinking about it gave me massive waves of anxiety and shame. Managing my anxiety (with meds and new tools, yay) has allowed me to use YNAB differently and more positively so that I can lead the life that I want to live. ", "link_id": "t3_a6ev52", "time": 1545068054}}
{"ebzc3jy": {"text": "I like to have a big pad for the end of the year for the unexpected expenses that always seem to crop up. I call mine \"Stuff I Forgot About\". I'll slide money from that category to whatever category the unexpected expense actually matches. I still fund that category the rest of the year, but it REALLY comes in handy for the holidays. ", "link_id": "t3_a705me", "time": 1545060091}}
{"ebw3jye": {"text": "Hey there, my kids are my #1 motivation for getting stable and staying stable. It's really useful to have a good understanding of your triggers. My kids also sometimes trigger me (too much touching, usually). Their routine also helps me stay stable, so it's a balancing act overall. I understand what you mean when you say you can't let your kid down. I worry about that a lot. I know that I can't be perfect, but I hope that I can be a good model for what you do when you struggle with mental health: You find meds that work, you tell your doctor the truth, you ask for help when you need it, and you give yourself compassion when you're struggling. Considering my kids' genetics, that's a lesson that they're going to need. I don't know if you've stumbled upon this information yet, or not, but the hormonal changes of your period can really, really affect your bipolar mood episodes. If I'm off-balance emotionally before I get my period, there's a really good chance that I'm going to have a mixed episode that crests right around when my period starts. If I'm pretty stable, then a period just gives me a small wobble of mood instability. This has been going on since I was a young teenager, even before I fully realized that I suffer from depression, and decades before I was diagnosed with bipolar. It sounds like you get similar symptoms. I was relieved to find out that it's not just me, that I could predict how long until the shitty episode was over, and that it's not completely out of my control. ", "link_id": "t3_a6gvsi", "time": 1544934959}}
{"ebw238a": {"text": "You need to call and tell them your symptoms are much worse right now, and you need help ASAP. Delusions like the ones you describe are dangerous and scary. I'm really sorry that you're going through this right now, internet stranger. I've had some awful mixed episodes that were super scary. I'm glad that right now you can tell that the delusions aren't real; hang on to that feeling. Take really good care of your body right now (sleep, eat, exercise, daylight, routines) and that'll help move you toward stability. Staying out of the hospital is going to require that you get help before things get worse.", "link_id": "t3_a6l3y8", "time": 1544933491}}
{"ebw1gxd": {"text": "This is a change that you need to talk to your doctor and your therapist about. If you don't already have both professionals in your support system; then that's step 1. You might need your meds adjusted as your life and stressors have changed, and you need some newer tools to deal with the challenges of a relationship. If you care about this relationship (and it really sounds like you do) then you need to do the work to be the healthiest version of yourself. It's great that you're falling in love, and it sounds like you've got a good partner. It's also true that your relationship is going to have both the challenges of being long-distance and the challenges that your personality disorder bring. So work on that, because love is awesome and special and worth it. ", "link_id": "t3_a6kvb4", "time": 1544932878}}
{"ebw0zfg": {"text": "Why are you \"fuck buddies\" with someone who you think routinely goes crazy? Run, dude. She can be smart, a good person, and downright crazy all at the same time. Crazy isn't actually a dealbreaker - but not actively dealing with your own crazy is a dealbreaker. Source: am crazy. ", "link_id": "t3_a6l7v2", "time": 1544932378}}
{"ebw0qrc": {"text": "You are both toe-ing the line of being inappropriate, and you both need to knock it off. Put some more distance, both emotionally AND physically, between yourselves. You don't need to share drinks, body heat, and private conversations with each other. I guarantee that your coworkers and colleagues have started gossiping already. Affairs don't just happen because a \"vixen\" and a \"womanizer\" work together; they happen when adults who like each other don't keep their hands to themselves. Remind yourself of all the many, many reasons that you're going to up the professionalism and dial down the romance. Or don't. But you can't pretend that you don't know exactly where that road leads. ", "link_id": "t3_a6l9nf", "time": 1544932143}}
{"ebw00mc": {"text": "It sucks to find out this way, but that's not your friend. You might be \"friendly\", but you're not friends. This mom was gossiping with the team parents and you found out from your boss. She's not too busy to text you back, either. Don't move up the kid if they're not ready; be the best coach you can be. I'd drop the issue, and just be professional. Maybe you'll be authentically friends with some of the parents of the kids you coach, but it is important to keep things professional. You could just as easily be accused of giving special treatment to the kid of a friend, which would damage your professional reputation too. ", "link_id": "t3_a6lc9s", "time": 1544931451}}
{"ebvzjr2": {"text": "How does your financial situation look if you have to get divorced? Go ahead and put into place the routines that you're going to need when you divorce. She will change if she wants to change, and she won't if she doesn't want to. In this situation in which you can only control your own behavior (truth), then what do you do to protect yourself and your kids? Personally, I would get my paycheck deposited into a different checking account. I would make sure that the bills are all paid, and then send a reasonable amount to the joint checking account for the spending that she needs to do on her own that her own pay doesn't cover. Also, you should strongly consider funding a \"divorce lawyer savings account\" to the tune of around $5000 because this phase of your relationship is downright toxic. ", "link_id": "t3_a6lgg6", "time": 1544931013}}
{"ebvyu4p": {"text": "His lack of saying it IS a problem. You're paranoid that he's going to leave you (he might). You're fretting about whether he actually doesn't love you (he might). He knows that it's important to you. You know that he's not \"in love\" with you. How big of a problem is that? Only you know the actual answer to that, but I think it's a pretty big problem for you, or you wouldn't be posting it. Are you okay with having a long-term relationship with someone who doesn't love you? All the reasons he says that he is with you are things that can/will change, by the way. You won't always be young and beautiful. Times won't always be fun and easy. Your own feelings towards him with evolve over time, especially if you spend years and years waiting for him to say he loves you. So what then? ", "link_id": "t3_a6ll1z", "time": 1544930332}}
{"ebvyim7": {"text": "It's time to decide to grow up. Right now, today. You do not sleep with your girlfriend again until you are properly STD tested. If you do, you are putting your baby at risk. STDs during pregnancy are no joke. You inform your girlfriend that you made some terrible decisions, and that you are committed to doing better for both her as your co-parent, and for your child together. And then you DO actually do those things. Go get into therapy. Get into some parenting classes. Stop getting drunk with teenagers. Don't just say that you want to do better - but put in the work to actually be a better person. Your kid deserves a father who isn't drunkenly cheating on his mother --- so stop being that guy. Be better. If you manage that, then maybe your girlfriend decides that she's willing to have a romantic relationship with you. ", "link_id": "t3_a6ll7c", "time": 1544930017}}
{"ebvy51p": {"text": "It is obvious that he is not doing well. You want the best for him, but it can't be at the expense of your own growth and mental health. It's time to sit down and talk rationally about what comes next for him. He needs to find another place to live, and it sounds like you and your family are willing to help him find a place and help him get settled. You could certainly keep dating or hanging out, but it's time for him to get his own place (\\*not sharing a place with you\\*). Don't wait until everything has gone sour and super-emotional to start this ball rolling. It's already time - \"trapped and suffocated\" means that it's time to shake up what's currently happening. ", "link_id": "t3_a6llum", "time": 1544929650}}
{"ebvsr7q": {"text": "I just wanted to take a long bath and to play video games in my pajamas. While watching comedy specials. ", "link_id": "t3_a6k9z4", "time": 1544924916}}
{"ebtjmdv": {"text": "It's a special kind of miserable. It feels like a superhorny teenage boy takes over my life for awhile. It's an unscratchable itch. Kinda like trying to eat until you're full when you're on Seroquel. You can bone or eat all day, but you're never going to feel \"done.\" ", "link_id": "t3_a6b46c", "time": 1544843255}}
{"ebqff6e": {"text": "I have had to explain to my family that its hurtful and counter-productive when they try to normalize (for me? For them?) some of my crazier behaviors. E.g. shopping binges, hypersexuality, rage-y moods. It's not just a phase or temporary bad judgement -- it's really the ugly side of a manic episode. As much as I wished these things were just bad judgement or whatever, I realize it is really hard to treat our condition properly when you're told the symptoms are just normal behavior. I just had to straight up people that I appreciate their impulse, but please don't because it makes me feel shitty. ", "link_id": "t3_a5qb9c", "time": 1544746008}}
{"ebg04om": {"text": "That sounds like a shitty mixed episode. I recommend going to the gym and just full out exhausting yourself. Alternative (or do both) schedule time with someone steady and healthy in your life; that really helps me regulate when I'm in a mixed episode. ", "link_id": "t3_a4l7ps", "time": 1544381835}}
{"eb6x9hq": {"text": "Sounds like if he was good at communicating, then the marriage would have been less awful. Use what you already know to get closer to the outcome you want. If my husband wasn't a selfish donkey, then coparenting would be easier. However, I find it easier to negotiate for what I want if i just accept that without emotion, and concentrate on my achievable goals. Changing someone else isn't an achievable goal, unfortunately. ", "link_id": "t3_a3jyfb", "time": 1544069103}}
{"eb14mtc": {"text": "Yup. This is his plan exactly. Do exactly what he wants, then beg for forgiveness and/or endure your inevitable emotional reaponse. He already knows that he's going to disrespect the boundaries you discussed. Not getting married is a whole lot cheaper than getting divorced. ", "link_id": "t3_a2stoi", "time": 1543876361}}
{"eaxdgc5": {"text": "Talk to the doctor first before tinkering with your meds yourself. If you don't like the side effects of a certain drug or dosage, bring that up with the doctor. There are many different meds and combos out there. It's not risperidone or nothing. Getting stable is really really important; it's the foundation you need to start building your adult life. ", "link_id": "t3_a2be4b", "time": 1543765790}}
{"eaxcavl": {"text": "\"Grooming\" gets my hair, makeup, waxing, nails, and skincare expenses. I want to budget for indulgences separately from groceries or household expenses. I could make an argument that something as basic and necessary as chapstick would fall into my \"health\" category that gets expenses like vitamins, the gym, and medical copays. ", "link_id": "t3_a2dk9w", "time": 1543764896}}
{"eaxbk44": {"text": "Those are some really tough thoughts and feelings to deal with. Being in treatment with the right meds takes the \"inevitable doom\" feeling away, for me, at least. You are in a dark hole right now, but you really can claw your way back to the light. You have to attack the root problem (miserable depression) first: meds, behavioral changes, understanding your triggers, and figuring out how to manage the bad times. The people we attract into our lives when unstable aren't really the ones we want/need to stick around. I highly recommend \"Get It Done When You're Depressed\" by Julie Fast. I think you want to claw your way back, or you wouldn't post this. I believe in you. You can be a force of good in this world, despite the awful way you've been feeling. Depression is a liar. ", "link_id": "t3_a2d8u0", "time": 1543764329}}
{"eafekzt": {"text": "I had some wacky symptoms, but managed to stay aware that they weren't real (probably). Good sleep was key to feeling better and getting stable. If nothing else, figure out which meds work for having heathy routines in your life. ", "link_id": "t3_9zas7i", "time": 1543150483}}
{"eab3df7": {"text": "Have you been drinking at all lately? My body cant tolerate both benzos and booze and my other meds. ", "link_id": "t3_9zov6i", "time": 1542993009}}
{"eab38nk": {"text": "Yup, that's mania. A lot like my mania, too. Talk to your doc ASAP, maybe even show them this post, because you've written out your symptoms really well. It's time to get back on the seroquel, most likely. The lack of sleep makes things worse and worse. You're speeding up and up and up, and it's out of your control. You need some brakes ASAP. Keep on writing your novel and journals of how you're feeling right now. It's a useful reminder of how your mania looks and feels. You likely won't remember much of this, and you'll want to revisit it later. ", "link_id": "t3_9zl8t6", "time": 1542992902}}
{"eab2qzh": {"text": "I'll share my process of \"hurricane cleanup\" after the storm (of mania/hypomania). I think it has helped me to explicitly apologize to the people affected by my behavior. I try to take responsibility for the hurt feelings, strained relationships, and for putting my friends in a terrible situation with me being so needy, angry, and out of control. I thank them for helping me in a difficult time. I let them know that I don't always remember things accurately or even at all when I'm really ill. I give them a chance to tell me or ask me anything they feel is important. We can talk it out, or just move on, their choice. I can't undo all the hurt and chaos I've caused, but I can do my best to rebuild and reinforce my life when I'm healthy and stable. ", "link_id": "t3_9zlpey", "time": 1542992512}}
{"ea8xbki": {"text": "Just go ahead buy some new clothes that make you feel comfortable and look nice. Feeling bad about your body, stuffing yourself into uncomfortable clothing, etc. etc., NONE of that is good for your mental health and it is poor self-care to treat your body so badly. I'm not saying you should ignore the weight gain, but I'm begging you to stop punishing yourself for gaining weight. Weight loss is a fuck-ton easier when you accept and love your body.  Btw, I've had success at losing weight on Seroquel. It's not impossible, it just requires a different approach than what works for people with normal hunge cues. ", "link_id": "t3_9z567o", "time": 1542909749}}
{"ea8wqxd": {"text": "I'm so sorry you're having to endure this bullshit. I think you should just leave, and damn the consequences with the family. Those aren't safe people to be around, and your safety always comes first. Imagine yourself 5 years in the future....what would the stronger, wiser, older you tell you to do? That said, I do think you should tell your therapist about your trauma, or at least tell them that you have some trauma in your past that you're not interested in talking about. And that there are certain therapy methods that you absolutely won't be trying. I'd be surprised if they didn't already guess that there was something, and that you weren't ready to address it yet. That's up to you to decide when you're ready, and 100% up to you to decide what you are or aren't willing to try, when you decide it's time to do that work. Rooting for you, internet friend. ", "link_id": "t3_9z907y", "time": 1542909252}}
{"ea8w8my": {"text": "Good luck! I find that my job helps me stay stable. I like the routine of work days, and it gets me out of my own head. Learning new tasks and meeting new people is stressful at first, but it's been so worth it to get to the other side. ", "link_id": "t3_9yzs43", "time": 1542908810}}
{"ea8w1jc": {"text": "It took around 2 months to get back to \"me\", after being \"manic-me\" for around 5 months. I think it's probably a matter of the brain's chemistry slowly recovering, rebalancing the normal amounts/ratios of neurotransmitters and receptors in the affected areas. Meds took some tweaking as I stabilized, along with coming to the conclusion that I could have booze OR mood stability, but not both. Booze also makes the unpleasant sedating side-effects so much worse. My life requires me to not be a zombie, but it's been hard to give up social drinking. I still miss my old social life, if that makes sense. I also had weird crying jags; those are largely anxiety-related for me. It was the release valve for sky-high anxiety, even though I was in denial about my anxiety for a long long time (even more than BD). Now I realize that a lot of my alcohol abuse was about managing my anxiety. I find that a low dose of a benzo is far, far more effective than alcohol. Properly managing my anxiety was key in the journey to get myself stable and on the right cocktail of meds. Best of luck to you! You're not alone, and we are all rooting for you. ", "link_id": "t3_9zas7i", "time": 1542908638}}
{"ea8c7ng": {"text": "Yeah, my experience wasn't bad with my family. They all acknowledged my depression, but it required getting sorta honest about the hypomanic episodes and the big manic episode. Even my brother was like, \"I dont understand, but I love you, and I want to help.\" My dads family is all toxic and nuts, and we are estranged, so that made things easier in two ways: if theres a genetic influence for this, we know exactly the direction it blew in from. And secondly, there was just fewer people to tell. Friends who didn't see my highs and lows, just my \"everything is fine\"-mask, were in denial. Literally the best and worst reactions to my diagnosis were telling a married couple separately. Learning to be okay with my diagnosis, enough to come out to people I respect, has been a milestone in the recovery/grieving process. Don't expect to be there right away, and you'll need enough stability (ie get on meds and in therapy) to tell the people who wont have great reactions. You've got this. :)", "link_id": "t3_9zaije", "time": 1542892371}}
{"ea89fa0": {"text": "It's better to know. What if you could manage those highs and lows better? What if you could get your life on a more consistant track? What if you could finally find a medicine that works for you? What if you could better understand your triggers for mood episodes? ", "link_id": "t3_9za685", "time": 1542888790}}
{"ea7625e": {"text": "The comment had WAY way too many specifics about different methods of suicide. I believe it was well-intended, but it was not something that would be safe to read by someone struggling with suicidal thoughts. I'm so glad you didn't see it. I wish I could unread it, myself. I hope the person who wrote it reflects on how their words could be triggering for others. ", "link_id": "t3_9z45bt", "time": 1542844068}}
{"ea6qk9g": {"text": "Dude, nooooooo.Do NOT post this shit with this level of specificity in a thread like this. I'm not even suicidal right now, but holy shit. This is triggering and not okay. Please delete this ASAP. ", "link_id": "t3_9z45bt", "time": 1542830774}}
{"ea4lr37": {"text": "There's this line of magical thinking I do sometimes: if I can do \"X\", then I will feel better. And then you try everything, hoping its your X. A little chocolate makes me feel a little better. So I try a lot of chocolate. Nope. Lots of alcohol? Definitely nope. Sex? Nope. Exercise? Nope. Performing? Nope. Writing? Nope. Working? Nope. Shopping? Nope. The problem is there is no X. Messed up brain chemistry may lead you to believe that the X is right around the corner. You're not alone. The real solution for me is the right meds, getting a healthy amount of sleep, remembering to eat, stopping the binge eating early on, maintaining healthy friendships and healthy boundaries, and getting enough sunshine and exercise. Basically all boring, boring lifestyle stuff. But that's the real answer to X. ", "link_id": "t3_9ywfgp", "time": 1542749561}}
{"e9as3di": {"text": "Oh yeah, wellbutrin sent me from irritated and hypomanic to WOOHOO I'M A GENIUS!!! Not great. ", "link_id": "t3_9v1o9a", "time": 1541694584}}
{"e96n5mv": {"text": "For me, it doesnt make me hungrier, per se, but instead it breaks the \"off\" switch for fullness. I can eat \"stuffed like its Thanksgiving\" levels of food before it finally occurs to me to stop eating. I have to be careful to eat mindfully, because otherwise I'll eat so so much more than I need.", "link_id": "t3_9up6j6", "time": 1541538908}}
{"e8sb5q6": {"text": "Hallucinations are scary, usually they're not benign in nature. Tends to be menacing. It takes a great deal of mental energy to constantly try to convince yourself that those things are not as real as all the other things you're experiencing. Day after day of it, you can imagine how exhausting that would get. ", "link_id": "t3_9stn76", "time": 1540991666}}
{"e8rjhys": {"text": "Check out Meetup for local groups that sound like fun to you. I've found both mental health support groups as well as hobby-focused groups. Everybody is there to make new friends and get out of the house, so it doesn't feel quite so awkward to me. I really like having a bipolar group to check in with; they get me in a way that other people just can't. I never feel like a weirdo there.", "link_id": "t3_9stdbw", "time": 1540950642}}
{"e8qks5r": {"text": "I used to get PMDD soooo bad earlier this year. PMS when I'm already *up* is just life threateningly awful. The rage is just always simmering under the surface. It was really scary because it's so unlike me. The lamictal is a treatment for both BD and PMDD, so hopefully you'll get some relief from those symptoms. ", "link_id": "t3_9shyt8", "time": 1540921565}}
{"e8qkhoy": {"text": "It sounds like you do need some supportive company or an informal babysitter-friend. That's what I've done when I'm in a shitty mixed episode. Having someone/something else around helps me regulate somewhat. Being alone is no good. ", "link_id": "t3_9siarc", "time": 1540921331}}
{"e8qjy3g": {"text": "Your description of your sudden burst of energy and major increase in mood and focus does sound a lot like how hypomania looks/felt for me. If suggest that you keep a mood tracker like Daylio. Know that whether you're suffering from bipolar or from unipolar depression, you dont have to suffer through the lows unmedicated. The meds you need ARE slightly different depending on your diagnosis, and I wish I hadn't wasted so much of my 20s unmedicated or on ineffective (for bipolar) ones. I wasn't diagnosed until I had a full manic episode in my mid30s.  For me, weed and hard drugs aren't worth the risk of having another hugely disruptive mood episode. ", "link_id": "t3_9sle1v", "time": 1540920898}}
{"e8qje8p": {"text": "Yup, gabapentin definitely interferes with sensitivity for me. ", "link_id": "t3_9snsqa", "time": 1540920456}}
{"e8oi10v": {"text": "Everybody is different, but I'd imagine that seroquel is worth trying. I tolerate it fairly well, but it still zonks me out for 8+ hours. For me, good sleep --&gt; more stable moods &amp; reduced agitation. The sleep deficit heightens my worst symptoms, so I feel like that's a good place to start. I really hope you're feeling like yourself soon. ", "link_id": "t3_9sekcs", "time": 1540840633}}
{"e8213uh": {"text": "I don't think you even read what I wrote. I actually have had relationships  with dudes with various erectile issues. It's not actually that uncommon, and it's not a dealbreaker. You can certainly have a fun, interesting sex life whether or not there's a penis involved. I understand the fear of meds changing who you are, how you think, and fearing the unknown side effects. It sucks, and it's hard to think through everything when you're in a mood episode, because the episode shifts your perception of the risks/rewards.  What I AM emphasizing (or trying to, anyway) is that treating the bipolar first is crucial. Figure out which meds you can tolerate, stabilize, and then see the situation from a different vantage point. I hope OP finds their own healthy path through this, and I hope you do, too. Having bipolar sucks, but the struggle doesn't make us any less loveable. ", "link_id": "t3_9p7wln", "time": 1539949324}}
{"e809jsj": {"text": "These are not rational thoughts that you're having. This line of thinking is part of your illness, these ideas about prioritizing your penis (which is not the same thing as a relationship, libido, or your sex life) over your mental stability. ED is not a relationship killer.  Untreated bipolar actually WILL (probably) make you think about killing yourself. Untreated bipolar has been a huge problem in my sex life. Mania --&gt; destructive hypersexuality. Depression  --&gt; sex is meh and more trouble than its worth. Your meds may or may not affect your penis. It will, hopefully, help you make rational choices and not drive your life into a depressive ditch. ", "link_id": "t3_9p7wln", "time": 1539880287}}
{"e7gluj0": {"text": "I fear the brain damage done by additional manic cycles. My understanding is that untreated, it is the increasingly intensemanic episodes that are the biggest problem. It's enough to keep me on my meds. ", "link_id": "t3_9mo9js", "time": 1539104435}}
{"e6zyrvg": {"text": "My understanding is that if the Lexapro does work, you likely don't have bipolar. You can just Google \"bipolar monotherapy\" and various antidepressants. It's not a standard \"starting\" treatment for bipolar, like lamictal or seroquel or even lithium. Maybe your doctor isn't so sure about your diagnosis, or maybe he doesn't follow the more standard treatments, for whatever reason. If you were my kid with any kind of mood disorder, I'd be trying to get you in with a psychiatrist with experience working with adolescents. Taking good care of yourself (food, exercise, sleep, and abstaining from alcohol, nicotine, and caffeine) helps more than you might think. ", "link_id": "t3_9kixs6", "time": 1538437187}}
{"e6zsvrc": {"text": "I find letters to myself really persuasive and helpful, since I'm not good at remembering stuff when I'm in a mood episode. So I wrote a letter to my future self about why we can't go off our meds, even if it seems like a great idea. The mania isn't actually that much fun, it was destructive in these particular ways, etc. etc. Here's a list of the dangerous stuff I did, the stupid stuff I bought, and the relationships I damaged. Wanting to go off meds is a symptom in itself and I need to get help with managing my illness, if that's the case. ", "link_id": "t3_9kitxa", "time": 1538431518}}
{"e6zhity": {"text": "Life is better after diagnosis. It's better to get the right diagnosis (and meds) than to keep suffering the ups and downs without the knowledge and support you need for a healthy life. I had to wrap my brain around it too. I was more comfortable just thinking about myself being depressed and living/suffering through it. Meds never seemed to work very well to control it, so I just gave up on meds for depression. Lifestyle changes and therapy do help to keep me stable, but I always knew there would be another period of depression around the corner someday. The meds that I tried for depression are not ones that are used for bipolar depression, so in retrospect, I'm not surprised that I found them ineffective. I had years of depression with only short blips of hypomania, until this year I when went full manic in the spring. It could have been worse, but fuck, it was destructive enough as it was. Having bipolar meant that I would actively have to work to manage my illness. Meds weren't optional. I think it's common to think of your hypomanic episodes as your \"real self\" showing, but that's a symptom of the disease too. Learning that I had bipolar also helped me put into perspective my issues developing a career. It's really common to get super excited about something during an \"up period\" and then when my mood inevitably went into a \"down period\" I'd completely lose steam and end up not working again. I felt like a total loser who couldn't get her shit together, and that was awful. Now that I have awareness of how my moods impact my feelings/thoughts about my career, I'm able to remind myself to slow down and make sure that I'm being rational and not impulsive. I'd rather not have a mood disorder at all, but since I don't get the choice, I at least want to be diagnosed correctly with the one that I'm already suffering from, right?", "link_id": "t3_9kitxa", "time": 1538422113}}
{"e6zgaqa": {"text": "Hey there, if I were in your shoes right now, I'd push for a referral for the psychiatrist that has more experience with the medications used to treat bipolar. I was unaware of Lexapro being successfully used alone for bipolar. Going on Welbutrin (before I was diagnosed) really kicked my anxiety and manic symptoms into overdrive. There's a lot of overlap for me, and basically they make the other worse. You don't say if you're female, but for me, the timing of my mood episodes were often connected to monthly hormonal changes and PMS. As you're learning more about how your own illness affects your life, try to keep a calendar and a journal with symptom tracking. It really helps me communicate with the people in my life most affected by all of this. ", "link_id": "t3_9kixs6", "time": 1538421132}}
{"e6zfk20": {"text": "Totally. Zero filter on anything that comes out of my mouth when manic. ", "link_id": "t3_9khwkg", "time": 1538420521}}
{"e6zffbv": {"text": "Jeez, what a scary symptom. I feel for you because spiders really get to me, too. 100% tell your doctor ASAP because that's an important \\*symptom\\* of illness, and it means that a meds or other lifestyle/behavioral adjustments are needed. It's not your fault that you're having a scary symptom. The truth is that I'm more ashamed of some of my symptoms than others, and it's easier to just share the boring and relatable ones. I almost never talk about the risk-taking or the hallucinations completely honestly. I've been trying to be more honest with my doctor, and that honesty changed my diagnosis to BPI, and meant getting on some new meds. The feeling that you mention at the end of your post, the feeling \"that you're doomed to lifelong misery\" - that's a symptom that I have only when I'm in a mixed episode. I try to keep a list of thoughts/moods/behaviors that I have in each mood state, which has helped me identify when things are off with me. Nail biting, extreme fidgeting, Tinder-binging, etc. You're not doomed at all. You're trying. You're surviving some really hard shit. That's not anything to be ashamed about - it's admirable and awesome. ", "link_id": "t3_9kgwrg", "time": 1538420412}}
{"e6zdw9y": {"text": "You have the right to feel really upset and frustrated, of course you do, but it's worth slowing down and taking a look at how you communicate with other people when you're under stress (and not sick). How effectively are your words and actions communicating your feelings? Are you able to clearly articulate what's bothering you and what you want in that moment? You can't change anybody else, only yourself. If this is a relationship you want to keep, dive into more specifics about if the problem is your message vs. the way you're delivering that message. Some people just have drastically different styles of conflict resolution, and that has nothing to do with BD. You can compromise, learn more about what works for unique relationships, but sometimes the relationship has to end. ", "link_id": "t3_9kh0py", "time": 1538419160}}
{"e6od80b": {"text": "Hey, figuring this stuff out is hard. I've had to rethink all my routines and I find myself thinking about my past wins/losses in a new light. A book that's really helping me right now is \"Get it Done When You're Depressed.\" I can't count on or wait for the rocket fuel of hypomania to get things done anymore. This book has short, simple chapters with really practical advice. The author, Julie Fast, is also bipolar and I like her outlook on managing bipolar and still living your life. She has some other books I really like as well. ", "link_id": "t3_9j0k0h", "time": 1537976957}}
{"e6ne0xo": {"text": "Hey there - I really hope you're doing better than an hour ago. It sucks, and it isn't fair, and you don't deserve what's happening in your brain right now. Something that can help me in a tough situation is counting backwards and taking deep breaths. It's dumb, but it works. There are also many, many guided meditation sessions to follow on Spotify. When I concentrate on those sorts of activities, its a huge relief from those racing/unpleasant/intrusive thoughts. ", "link_id": "t3_9ixs7m", "time": 1537929153}}
{"e6h3zq5": {"text": "Hey - there are lots of people here who have been in really dark spots, and then made it back out into the light. It's a battle for the light, but you're not done. You're here and reaching out, which means that you're stronger than you think you are right now. Depression lies to you - it tells you that you are alone, that things will always be terrible, and that you're done fighting. But it's a lie... and a symptom. Are you seeing a medical professional and/or have meds prescribed to you for depression and/or bipolar? That's the first step. Figuring our your routines and your triggers is also really important for managing moods. ", "link_id": "t3_9i5t47", "time": 1537678019}}
{"e6h3rah": {"text": "I was terrible at it at first, but it gets easier with practice. I'm now almost 3 months in, and I spend a lot of time working on drive. Turns out that I'm actually kinda good at it, despite my panic at first. You get a feel for the pacing of transactions, and how to smoothly get out of conversations at the window faster. I only talk/listen to one person at a time, and don't take complicated orders when I'm across the store grabbing warming or beans or whatever. Best to take your time during the ordering process to get it right, because remaking drinks sucks for everybody and slows everything down. ", "link_id": "t3_9i3mrk", "time": 1537677684}}
{"e6h39qu": {"text": "It's best to stay off the phone at work (even if you're looking things up on the partner hub) simply because it looks like you're not working, regardless of what you are actually doing. A pocket notebook or index cards is a better idea, and the index card could be easily referenced while you're working on the floor. Customers seeing you looking at a phone isn't going to go over well, especially when the store is busy. It sucks to be busting your ass on a tough position, and then seeing that another partner isn't doing much of anything at all. Learn to balance perfectionism and not letting other people's emotions affect your own. Dealing with the stress in a healthy way is excellent training for whatever your future holds. You're going to mess up sometimes; everybody does. Even the customers screw up their own orders a large percentage of the time, too. The good news is that it's just coffee. It isn't a reflection on who you are and what you're worth. Don't let it get to the point that you feel like it ruined your day, or that you ruined somebody else's. It's not that dramatic, I promise. If you want to say anything (it sounds like it's not necessary), try something along the lines of, \"Hey, so yesterday I realized that it looked like I was goofing off on my phone when I was taking notes about training. I'm sorry about that because I'm actually a hard worker, and didn't mean to give the opposite impression.\" There's something about your wording of your post though that would have rubbed me the wrong way: \"what was I doing that was \\*so\\* wrong\"... the \"so\" sticks out as snarky, rather than asking for clarification. It'll all blow over after your actions are consistently in line with that hard-worker persona. ", "link_id": "t3_9i415y", "time": 1537676988}}
{"e6h29yg": {"text": "When someone on your team coaches/corrects you, say \"thank you\" and mean it. Taking constructive criticism well means that you'll encourage more help and coaching, and you'll get better much faster than just trying to figure it out on your own. You want to do a good job, obviously, or you wouldn't be asking this question. Showing that you're trying hard goes a long way.  I screw things up on a regular basis, but so does everybody else. Take it in stride and keep moving. One of the toughest things to learn is what to take seriously, and what to just shake off. Don't let a cranky, unreasonable customer affect how you feel about yourself. I feel bad for the younger partners who sometimes end up getting the brunt of some grumpy adult's temper tantrum about an iced vs. hot latte. Years of deciphering kid's tantrums has helped me realize something: the tantrum is the effect of circumstances which caused the person to feel powerless, helpless, alone, unimportant, stupid, or insignificant. But those buttons are \\*also\\* the ones that we can push to make an actual connection; we all just want to feel seen and understood. Eye-contact, an authentic smile, and some friendly/awkward chit-chat are what separates us from coffee-serving robots. ", "link_id": "t3_9i43qe", "time": 1537675634}}
{"e6c1ana": {"text": "I hear you. I'm trying something new this week: when I catch myself ruminating and going in circles, mentally, I count backwards from 10 and take a giant slow breath. It helps me reset. ", "link_id": "t3_9hh7b1", "time": 1537470145}}
{"e631du0": {"text": "I tell myself that I dont get paid enough to cry on my breaks/lunch. Grown ups having tantrums in the drive thru isn't your responsibility, regardless of how hard they try to blame you for their behavior. Your behavior is your responsibility, no matter how you feel about the circumstances. And that goes both ways. You've got this. ", "link_id": "t3_9g7xz9", "time": 1537119798}}
{"e630vp3": {"text": "It reminds me of dark chocolate bars, whereas the mocha is more like a milk chocolate flavor. ", "link_id": "t3_9gb4e8", "time": 1537119392}}
{"e62uaw5": {"text": "Telling somebody else to change their expression is pretty rude/entitled if you ask me, but often women are just socialized to think that nonsense is fine. Have you ever once in your life told a man to look happier? Nope. ", "link_id": "t3_9gaxmm", "time": 1537113366}}
{"e5wodpv": {"text": "\"Life is manageable\" is pretty big improvement, right? I'm right there with you. Until this year (which sucked) my highs were never high enough to raise any suspicion of bipolar, but I couldn't seem to get/keep my life on track. It's a really interesting experience to (finally) be making big life and career decisions in a normal mood state, rather than when I'm hypomanic and less rational. ", "link_id": "t3_9ffo3c", "time": 1536850397}}
{"e5snst9": {"text": "Like 6 to 8 weeks to feel like I'm starting to get the hang of things, and start to see what I'm actually going to be good at, eventually. Everyone has different strengths, you know? My team is really supportive as long as they know you're trying and that you're doing your best. ", "link_id": "t3_9eu6o4", "time": 1536687324}}
{"e5oisef": {"text": "Wow, thanks. I'm saving this because that's exactly how it was going for me, and it's so hard to describe to people who haven't been there. Thanks. ", "link_id": "t3_9ec2ig", "time": 1536521701}}
{"e5n4abt": {"text": "Spit it out, man. The longer you wait, the worse the consequences. You don't get to keep her if you keep lying; it WILL come out that you've been married before, duh. Tell the truth now, and you might get the opportunity to prove that you don't always lie when it suits your purposes.", "link_id": "t3_9e7zuk", "time": 1536456411}}
{"e5n44kq": {"text": "Abort that particular situation and find something that works better for you. Clear communication isn't asking too much. He is clearly veering from \"laid back\" into \"don't expect anything supportive from me at all.\" You're not being uptight. He's being lazy. ", "link_id": "t3_9e7ipu", "time": 1536456239}}
{"e5n3vk7": {"text": "Keep your healthy boundaries firm, and let that be the first filter for people you should or shouldn't date. If they've got a problem with those boundaries, 1) they suck, and 2) they're a bad fit for a relationship with you. ", "link_id": "t3_9e4git", "time": 1536455969}}
{"e5n26vc": {"text": "I have to consciously remind myself that that particular thought is one of my bipolar symptoms, as much as spending too much money or doubting that I actually have bipolar. Do all your self-care routines and be gentle with yourself. A mood or a thought isn't the same as a fact. ", "link_id": "t3_9dlf6r", "time": 1536454109}}
{"e5n216m": {"text": "Absolutely - I think I'm a genius when I'm manic. And honestly, sometimes I am thinking brilliant and creative thoughts. But sometimes I buy jump ropes for the whole family, or loan money I shouldn't, or crochet 15 hideous scarves for everyone I love for Christmas presents. When manic, my filter of good vs. bad ideas is malfunctioning. I think of living with bipolar as dealing with life without the usual mood-balancing and thought-balancing equipment. Meds, lifestyle routines, awareness of triggers, and help from friends and family help provide those balances that my brain doesn't naturally have. Don't hesitate to get the help you need. You may feel invincible right now, but it doesn't mean that you're not damaging your body and your life. ", "link_id": "t3_9drsag", "time": 1536453934}}
{"e5ctiu5": {"text": "My approach in that situation is to artificially \"jump start\" my endorphins. It's kinda just faking that I'm fine and healthy and then I actually get closer to being fine and healthy for real. The gym and sunshine make the biggest difference; longer than two days without it, and my moods get dark and bleak. Needed to do it this week, in fact. My plan:  Dredge up all my energy and get to the gym. Go outside and sit in the sun. Buy prepared healthy meals so I eat fruits and veg (instead of the junk I crave when I dont feel well). Do something nice for someone else. ", "link_id": "t3_9cq78n", "time": 1536029306}}
{"e4zigs4": {"text": "A year ago I would have described myself the same way. But I'm actually bipolar II, and was officially diagnosed earlier this year. The pattern of me getting new career ideas and degrees and jumping into new hobbies was what my hypomanic states looked like. Then I'd get bored (normal mood or depressed) and wait until the next epiphany (actually hypomania) pointed me into a new direction. Maybe that sounds bad, but for me it's a positive to know that I'm not actuallt a directionless fuckup; I have a mental illness, and there's good meds, and support, and people who have helped me get back on a healthy track. ", "link_id": "t3_9awryl", "time": 1535478057}}
{"e4kl942": {"text": "I have those exact thoughts obsessively when I'm in a mixed episode and/or PMSing. (They tend to coincide for me.)This week, I was sure my best friend hated me, and preferred all her other friends. Theres usually a teeny tiny kernel or truth (like yes, I'm being a tad annoying) but I end up attaching all this extreme drama and paranoia to that tiny bit of truth. Now that I know my pattern better, it has become easier to acknowledge \"that is a bipolar thought\",  not the one and only truth. I'd suggest reading some of Julie Fast's books on managing bipolar, of if you're feeling more woo-woo metaphysical, try The Power of Now. We aren't just the thoughts we have. and our thoughts are not facts. ", "link_id": "t3_9919k3", "time": 1534861058}}
{"e4kkrfv": {"text": "My support group is more like a club, vs therapy. They're great, free, and I found them on Meetup. Its so nice to walk into a place where people dont judge me or my meds or my diagnosis. I see people, nice normal regular people, who have what I have, and it has helped me more than I can say. We chat about challenges, possible solutions, and the moderator has resources for newish people that need it. ", "link_id": "t3_98ziyk", "time": 1534860594}}
{"e4kka0s": {"text": "We recognize the mania in what you've written because we've been there, in one way or another, recognize your pain, and are here to tell you that it gets better -- with the right meds. The \"pressure\" you mentioned, I get it 100%. It's an awful feeling, and one of the few things I remember clearly from being manic. I hope you're getting help right this minute, and I'll be thinking of you today. ", "link_id": "t3_98zm7h", "time": 1534860122}}
{"e4irw3d": {"text": "I'm a 253**** and it's a fun job, with the caveat that I have a great team and great mentors. I typically work 5 or 6 days a week, with a 30 min lunch and two 10 minute breaks. Theres a lot to learn. A LOT that has to be done in the Starbucks-specific way. ", "link_id": "t3_98pufr", "time": 1534778951}}
{"e4fnco6": {"text": "I would encourage you to find someone who if more supportive and mainstream about bipolar treatment. I've never seen a shred of evidence that meditation cures, prevents, or is more effective than actually being treated for your illness. Its cruel to tell you that you're I'll because you haven't meditated yourself out of it hard enough. That's not how depression or bipolar works. At all. ", "link_id": "t3_98ej6o", "time": 1534633529}}
{"e4flh8d": {"text": "Absolutely would recommend staying home. Travel + hallucinations is a bad combo. My impulsivity while up is also dangerous during travel (like I definitely shouldn't be googling random facts while driving 75 mph). I say just be honest with your friend - you're having a serious episode that you need to take care of, and that you love them and wish them the best day ever. ", "link_id": "t3_98elk4", "time": 1534631544}}
{"e4fl77c": {"text": "This is true for me too. I love caffeine, but it's a huge problem when my anxiety peaks and I'm already hypomanic or having a mixed episode. Its like throwing gasoline on the fire. ", "link_id": "t3_98ek7p", "time": 1534631242}}
{"e4fkx70": {"text": "That's the illness, not your own thoughts. It sounds like you recognize that right now, but need more help. You deserve to feel better, and live free of intrusive harmful thoughts. Are you already on some meds and working with a doctor? ", "link_id": "t3_98ej6o", "time": 1534630950}}
{"e49r8zq": {"text": "Try keeping a mood and symptom tracker. That'll help show patterns and give you ideas of what should be addressed first. ", "link_id": "t3_97mx6m", "time": 1534386416}}
{"e49r5j5": {"text": "Hypomanic + PMS is a really dangerous/awful/fucked up state for me. Tracking periods, peaks in symptoms, and especially anxiety-related symptoms helped me figure it out and make changes to my meds. I have a bad memory for timelines of symptoms. I highly recommend making or using a mood tracker, and make sure you track your menstrual cycle on it. ", "link_id": "t3_97jsn4", "time": 1534386323}}
{"e3xbsqy": {"text": "I'm a big fan of journaling, so I've got all sorts of journals lying around. I write a lot when I'm in extreme mood states. I'll flag certain things for later, rewrite them, sometimes I put them on my white board that I have hung prominently. I like having the visual reminder. Sometimes I feel like I'm that guy from Memento, since I dont have a lot of specific memories when I'm really ill, but I know I can trust the things that I write to myself. ", "link_id": "t3_95yo88", "time": 1533866061}}
{"e3wugps": {"text": "There's some good stuff written by Julie Fast about teaching the people around you how you want them to help you. My last round of manic/hypomanic was really destructive, so I'm doing my best to keep it from getting that bad again. ", "link_id": "t3_95yo88", "time": 1533849973}}
{"e3wivw9": {"text": "Hey, to me, it doesn't sound like these experiences were consensual at all. You were NOT in a state where you *could* consent - too drunk and/or medicated, and too ill. You were vulnerable and violated, and I hope that you're able to stop blaming yourself for what happened to you. I really regret some of my adventures and bad decisions while dealing with the hypersexuality that comes with being hypomanic. I think there's something about us when we are ill that attracts the worst kinds of users and abusers. The people that come into my life when I'm manic are not people I actually want around me when I'm not. I promise you're not alone. ", "link_id": "t3_95u768", "time": 1533840296}}
{"e3whmkv": {"text": "It's not a bad idea, but one of the things that I'm doing now (while I'm well) is setting up my early warning systems with the people close to me. I'm basically telling them, \"If you see me do X, Y, or Z or saying A, B, or C, then we need to deal with the mood episode. Remind me that I told you to tell me this, and that I agreed to do **** if that happens.\" When was ill, I wrote myself notes too, along the lines of \"don't go off your meds. You'll want to, but don't. Here's how you feel and the nonsense you do when you're unmedicated.\" I have a feeling I'm going to need it one of these days. ", "link_id": "t3_95yo88", "time": 1533839279}}
{"e3uxfd0": {"text": "I actually find that the atmosphere at my gyms has been more supportive than most other IRL places I spend time. Everybody starts somewhere. Seeing the progress from / helped me to realize that all those super-fit people kicking ass at the gym got that way from hard work and showing up day after day. There's nothing shameful about being at the beginning of that journey today. Go forth and kick ass!", "link_id": "t3_95j359", "time": 1533774332}}
{"e3u0p4s": {"text": "I'm a fan of the gym, personally. I've had great results with SC. I've only lost a moderate amount of weight in reality, but I *look* so much better at that same weight. Lots of pros to doing SC at the gym: I have a variety of the dumbbells right there (I've increased the weight quickly, so I'm glad I didn't have to buy them). I like having the bench for some of the exercises. I like having the big mirror to check that I'm not hunching my back. And I like to do a bit of cardio every day, for mental health purposes; the gym has the rowing machines that I love. There's also the social aspect. It's inspiring to see everybody just doing their own thing because it feels good, we need it, and it gets the results we want. Some days my BFF comes with me, and I've taught her some of the exercises so we can do weights together. At home: I don't love humping the air in public, so I tend to do those exercises at home. I also tend to do my squats at home, just as I'm standing around waiting for coffee to brew or something to cook. I've gotten better results from SC and a moderate amount of cardio (and eating whatever I feel like) vs my buddy who eats really clean and does lots of cardio but little weightlifting. ", "link_id": "t3_95j359", "time": 1533746611}}
{"e3p46jp": {"text": "Wow, I can't believe the facilatator or person in charge didn't manage that situation. That's so upsetting! I've been to several small (not NAMI) groups that really helped. ", "link_id": "t3_94p11f", "time": 1533558124}}
{"e3ng06h": {"text": "I recently started reading a great book called \"Get It Done When You're Depressed\". Highly recommend it. Also reading it when you're not depressed and leaving yourself notes about which things you're going to do next time you're feeling stuck. ", "link_id": "t3_94lncr", "time": 1533484147}}
{"e3nfnv5": {"text": "Hi there! You are not suffering alone, and I find a lot of comfort in the fact that other people with the same problems I have now have gone on to lead amazing lives, and healthy, happy, normal, boring lives. Sometimes I get the repetitive, intrusive thoughts that I'm never going to be loved, understood, or even liked. Tends to be when I'm in a mixed episode, and it's a miserable place to be stuck. I find it helps me a lot to remember that my \"nobody loves me\" thoughts are a bipolar symptom, just as much as the more observable symptoms like the sleep disruptions and swings in energy level. By the way, I felt much better after attending a bipolar support group meeting. You can hang out with people in real life who have been through similar experiences, and may have some useful resources and guidance. ", "link_id": "t3_94p11f", "time": 1533483785}}
{"e3nesuo": {"text": "Totally - hypomania goes hand-in-hand with me crying listening to music. And also being attracted to intensely emotional songs. And then overidentifying with the emotions in the songs. Poetry does the same thing. When I'm not hypo/manic, I couldn't care less. So it's become one of those flags for me that I'm heading into a mood episode. ", "link_id": "t3_94oprj", "time": 1533482860}}
{"e3nabu8": {"text": "Yeah - totally get it and I've been there myself. I think you sound really aware and insightful of your hypomania/mania, but you need help from your medical team to get some help to turn things around. It's not a situation you can *think* yourself out of, even if you're very aware of the problem. I'm very good at hiding the ugly parts of hypomania and mania, but in the end, it hurt me because it took so long to get a proper diagnosis, proper meds, and to convince my family that my bipolar was real. For what it's worth, I found that the detachment aspect of my hypo/mania wasn't exclusively a bad thing. I highly recommend journaling your thoughts during mood episodes. The detachment enabled me to \"clean house\" both literally and metaphorically. Certain relationships were really bad for me, and I could see it more clearly. I was also able to clean and declutter with much less emotional connection to things I don't need anymore (gifts I don't use, baby clothes I won't ever need again). I've learned to truly listen to the manic-me, but wait until I'm regular-me to actually do the decision-making. ", "link_id": "t3_94plii", "time": 1533477886}}
{"e3n9nx1": {"text": "Absolutely understand this. I feel the impatience of people around me for things to get back to \"normal.\" But to a certain degree, we might not ever get to \"normal\" again, and I don't want to get back there if it means ignoring the fact that I have a disability. Family sometimes has a hard time seeing who we are *right now* because it's through all these other filters of who they want us to be and also of who we used to be.  I'm just an internet stranger, but *I* feel proud of you that you've pulled yourself out of the nosedive of drugs and mania, and you're getting the medical help that you need. Self-care is the foundation for being able to tackle all those other things you want/need to do. Something that really helps me is making a self-care checklist. My daily checklist includes: shower, brush teeth, wash hair, get dressed in real clothes, stretch, sit in the sunlight, go to the gym (I only promise to try something and stay for at least 15 minutes). I was a hot mess from around November through late June. But I've been stable and increasingly feeling like myself again. Stability, for me at least, comes from self-care, baby steps towards long-term goals (vs. manic goals), and repairing the relationships that were damaged this past year. That's feasible for you too, and there's a good life waiting for you. You're already on that road. ", "link_id": "t3_94p8hn", "time": 1533477018}}
{"e3k7f70": {"text": "WHY don't you already feel comfortable asking him out? What else do you need to hea before you can ask someone out for coffee that you're interested in?Stop hinting at what you want - start being yourself. ", "link_id": "t3_94c1hg", "time": 1533332305}}
{"e3k79qr": {"text": "I'm leaning towards no... Did you get any signals that he was interested in you at all? Did you make eye contact? Did you like anything about him besides how he looks?", "link_id": "t3_94d7qz", "time": 1533332166}}
{"e3k712x": {"text": "\"Hey, it's been great hanging out and getting to know you, but I'm just not feeling the romantic spark that I'm looking for in a partner. I think you're great, but just not the guy for me. Best of luck out there! I hope you find the partner you deserve.\" If he asks for details, don't spare him the truth that the sex didn't work for you, but also don't give him a chance to talk you out of breaking up with him. There's a lot of room for nuance in your characterization of \"so so bad\", but him ignoring your overt verbal signals is a dealbreaker. ", "link_id": "t3_949d45", "time": 1533331953}}
{"e3k6hva": {"text": "He sounds *really* immature for a 41-year-old man. The fact that he couldn't/wouldn't stop himself from texting her and talking about her throughout the concert is obnoxious. I don't see why you felt uncomfortable acknowledging that you were dating, or acknowledging that you felt that his behavior on the date was unacceptable. You have the right to own those things. You NEED to own up to what you want and think, and quit pretending to be the girl who's just cool with whatever nonsense he does. Don't just suck it up and drink too much to avoid the problem at hand. ", "link_id": "t3_948zxs", "time": 1533331480}}
{"e2t5q9s": {"text": "My manager is all about the connection with the customer. If I were interviewing all over again, I'd emphasize that aspect of my skillset. ", "link_id": "t3_90tk2r", "time": 1532222028}}
{"e2t5ab9": {"text": "Is this your experience at all jobs, or specifically this one? Entry level jobs, in my experience, often are stressful jobs and stressed out customers make things worse. Make sure you're doing lots of selfcare, including doing a screening for depression and/or anxiety. My coworkers are great at reminding me (a green bean feeling a bit overwhelmed) that at the end of the day, its just coffee, not life and death. ", "link_id": "t3_90tjlo", "time": 1532221500}}
{"e2l215x": {"text": "Go to the counseling. The goal doesnt have to be to stay together, but you're coparents forever. That alone is stressful and hard, and a neutral 3rd party can be a huge help to mediating the kid-related issues while you're figuring out your romantic relationship. You're going to need to ignore your anger over her cheating somewhat to be able to coparent effectively and create stability for your kid, especially with transitioning to two households.For what it's worth, I'm divorcing with a 2 year old. Having an amazing daycare situation (a loving, in-home daycare, with solid consistant routines) has helped him adjust to the new normal. I suggest 50/50 custody from day one, unless theres something dramatically wrong (drug abuse, abuse, etc.). ", "link_id": "t3_8zmjr2", "time": 1531886320}}
{"e2iodv4": {"text": "I've had a really rough 2 to 3 years, and it's always tempting to have a pity party for myself and indulge my perfectionist side. I've found that it helps to literally write down 10 to 20 things that are going well, that aren't in crisis, or that I'm proud of. I'm always surprised that the list is longer than it seems at first. Give yourself credit for surviving and overcoming those difficult periods of your life. I also remind myself that I like stories of underdogs rising above their circumstances. I respect people who have survived terrible losses with their positivity intact. \"And everything went exactly according to plan...\" is a boring story, and I wouldn't choose that, even if I could. ", "link_id": "t3_8zgcoq", "time": 1531793000}}
{"e2fy5ef": {"text": "I have noticed a HUGE impact on how my hormones impact my mood episodes. I wish someone had warned me earlier. My pdoc is really supportive (and knowledgeable about this) and we just made some med changes because the mood episodes I've been getting right before my period are wicked. I'm switching copper IUD for the hormonal one because I want to try to level out my progesterone. Similar to your situation, I crave sweets and fats (women with PMDD tend to, btw). My blood sugar crashing tends to make my volatility worse. I go from hypomanic --&gt; intensifying mixed episode / PMDD --&gt; period starts &amp; a few days of \"normal\" --&gt; back to hypomanic or whatever. In my research to figure out what's going on with me, I found out that the majority of female psych admits are in the week before their period. That rapid rise of hormones is sometimes called \"premenstrual exacerbation.\" I feel like that undersells the impact of what I've been going through, but okay. My crazy gets exacerbated. One possible treatment for PMDD is lamictal, which is what I'm on anyway. I'm also going to try out valium during my next mixed episode to see if that helps with the agitation and rage-yness. ", "link_id": "t3_8ywrfu", "time": 1531683313}}
{"e2fx44f": {"text": "5 hours a night is a warning sign for me. It feels great at first - but then it's not long until I notice that my energy level mirrors a rise in my anxiety, libido, distractibility, anger, substance use, impulsivity, etc. In your shoes, I'd make sure to start writing down what symptoms you're having, energy level, track sleep amounts, etc. Feeling hyper all day long scares me; it's when I've done the most damage to my life and relationships. ", "link_id": "t3_8z29dv", "time": 1531682311}}
{"e2fd7c1": {"text": "When I have that thought obsessively, I know I'm in a mixed episode. It feels like I'm a black hole of neediness and awfulness, and I'll only hurt the people who I suck into my life. It feels so real and true at that moment. BUT it's a lie. I'm learning that when I hear that exact thought, to remind myself that it's something that I usually only worry about during a shitty episode. I've left myself notes (Memento-style) about this very thing. That helps me remember that it's temporary and I've lived through this before, and that I *will* feel better. The proof is that I wrote the note myself, if that makes sense.I think part of the worry IS based in reality (especially if you're younger, which I'm guessing based on skimming your post history) -- many/most people your age haven't been through much yet. Loving a close friend or family member dealing with bipolar swings requires a strong sense of self and good boundaries. Young adults generally haven't developed that until they've had more life experience. The people in my life who have been through some serious shit of their own accept me/help me/love me. And they know that I'll come through for them when they need me back. That group of friends takes time and shared experiences to build and grow. It's a balance of sharing yourself authentically, but not overwhelming people who are unready to deal with the intensity of your own \"black-hole\" moments. edited to add: I've been married, have my kick-ass kids who live primarily with me. Have a decent relationship with my ex/coparent. Date semi-successfully some interesting people. Have learned how to put up healthy boundaries with toxic family members. I refuse to let bipolar convince me that I'm alone and unloveable. ", "link_id": "t3_8yxbbn", "time": 1531662326}}
{"e2fc8rl": {"text": "That's no small achievement. I've done a lot of college (when I wasn't ill) and dealing with life on my worst bipolar-y days is by far the harder thing. BY FAR. ", "link_id": "t3_8yz9ty", "time": 1531661072}}
{"e2dudrz": {"text": "I just went through the hiring process, so I can at least share my own timeline. Applied to around a dozen stores about a month ago. Got called in for an interview about 10 days later, had a 2nd interview scheduled quickly, and I'm officially starting next week. Based on my conversations with the person who hired me, I don't think they would have been interested in hiring and training someone completely inexperienced who was only going to be around for a few weeks at most. They specifically asked about my availability during the busy periods of fall and the holidays. My expectation is that I'm not going to be particularly useful as a barista for the first few months, since there's so much to learn at first. ", "link_id": "t3_8yu08p", "time": 1531588437}}
{"e1zavt9": {"text": "It's amazing. You will never forget that you've seen it. I'll never look at coathangers the same again. ", "link_id": "t3_8wtc43", "time": 1531012593}}
{"e1y69p1": {"text": "I don't have an answer for you, but from the outside, it sounds like you need a doc and meds now. Not in a few weeks. Its rapidly approaching emergency levels of spending and dysfunction. Ask your fiance for help stopping the spending and getting to a doctor. I have rules for myself when in hypomanic and it looks like I may spin out of control: no online shopping first off, no new pets, careers, sex partners, craft supplies, etc. I feel like it helps limit the damage, and gives me a sign of when it's time to get more help. It may help to write down your symptoms and the timeline for your fiance, in case hes not aware of the stuff that's going on solely in your own head. Good luck, and I'm sorry you're going through this. ", "link_id": "t3_8wrgrj", "time": 1530970947}}
{"e1x4zft": {"text": "I think giving it a few days is a good idea. If she was experiencing major irritability earlier today, its probably going to be there right now too. And you're not going to ease things by bringing it up.If she didnt yell, was just angry that you don't know what he job is and then she let it go, then I'm not sure what the goal is for talking about it more. That reaction you described is waaaaay more minor than how I would describe manic rage. There was no yelling, screaming, throwing, stabbing, sobbing, threats of violence, etc. I'm not saying it wasnt an intense experience for you, but I wouldnt be comfortable calling that \"rage,\" manic or not. People get angry, and shes allowed to be angry. Was there something else about it that upset you?", "link_id": "t3_8wm9s8", "time": 1530917358}}
{"e1wfg4r": {"text": "You sounds like a good sibling. I had a talk with my brother a few days ago that really helped. He said \"I want to help, but I've never been through what you're going through and I'm trying to understand. I bought the book you recommended, and let's talk about it in a few days. I love you and I'm proud of you for asking the help you need.\" The book I'd recommend to your family as well is \"Take Charge of Bipolar Disorder\" by Julie Fast. The workbook sections have been so amazingly helpful in communicating with my family what I need, and helping me with how I plan to manage my triggers. That acknowledgement of not-understanding was a big deal to me. People comparing their experience being anxious or irritable for a few days to what I'm going through feels really condescending. It's like comparing a twisted ankle to my crushed and mangled leg. Honestly, people diminishing what I'm suffering through has been the hardest part of this whole thing. It sounds like you're doing great. It's really nice to know that someone in my shoes has you looking out for them. ", "link_id": "t3_8wgytn", "time": 1530896125}}
{"e1wdzah": {"text": "It sounds like you're blaming your personality for your illness and trouble with medications, but that's not your fault. I think having trouble with meds is a hallmark of BP. Try finding and attending a bipolar support group. Depression lies to you and tells you that you're all alone in the world and that no one cares. But it's a lie. You're not.", "link_id": "t3_8whhun", "time": 1530894938}}
{"e1wbbmr": {"text": "Someone reminding me to \"slow down\" is now a cue for me to take a hard look at how hypomanic I am. Cause yes, so many of these. New degree plan. New hobbies. New travel plans. New relationships. New, new, new. My most wtf items were jump ropes for each member of my family. ", "link_id": "t3_8wkh46", "time": 1530892756}}
{"e1unubl": {"text": "I have a similar issue as I'm waiting for meds to start helping with my agitation. Heres how I tackling it: Exercise midday to take the edge off. Minimize alcohol and caffeine use. Make a list of healthy, helpful activities to do when I feel wired (write, clean, do laundry, take the dog for a walk, read the stack of books I bought the last time I went hypomanic, same for craft supplies). Make a list of rules for behaviors that lead to poor outcomes (no dating, online shopping, career changes, arguing via text messages, picking at my skin, etc). Make a list of activities for when I'm reaching crisis levels (attend a support group, take benedryl, get my kids to someone safe, write down my symptoms and the timeline, update doctor or your support people). Hope that helps. It's been bumpy. Monday this week was all about cleaning up the damage from my latest mania-fueled fuckups. ", "link_id": "t3_8wakip", "time": 1530821523}}
{"e1n0mni": {"text": "I hate you, but please love me", "link_id": "t3_8vdlmd", "time": 1530503054}}
{"e1n0l6c": {"text": "Hey, you don't have to change to be loveable and loved. Truly. Dont hate your body, love it. Love it with the food and exercise it needs and deserves. Dont punish it as if it's the enemy. You are loveable just as you are. ", "link_id": "t3_8v9grf", "time": 1530503005}}
{"e1n05by": {"text": "If he hasn't even cracked a book about bipolar yet after being with you so long, he's showing you that you can't count on him in a crisis. I'd bail. You deserve better. Everybody has their issues, and you deserve someone who cares about yours. ", "link_id": "t3_8vcn9o", "time": 1530502466}}
{"e1my6di": {"text": "I don't have a problem with dudes being straight to the point about what they want and what they have to offer. It's not exclusively what I'm looking for, but I'll engage with these dudes on occasion. BUT I do like banter and brains along with the rest of the package, and that's usually in short supply if they're leading with the opinion that they're great at oral (and they always oversell and underdeliver). ", "link_id": "t3_8vbw3a", "time": 1530500202}}
{"e1m27a4": {"text": "It's a thing, not a good thing, but it's a real thing. Marya Hornbacher wrote about her struggles with it in her book \"Madness\". Personally, I struggle with intentionally pushing myself too hard at the gym when I'm manic. And some other unhealthy stuff. But just being aware that these are the things that I do helps me make rules and routines for reining them in, and staying safer even when I'm really mentally unwell. Like today, I'm in really bad shape. You're not alone in this. I'm going to a support group today, and I'm going to go through my selfcare checklist. ", "link_id": "t3_8v6g5x", "time": 1530467251}}
{"e1m1ich": {"text": "That definitely sounds like impulsivity to me. I struggle with that too. It's awful. Its helpful just to know that it's a thing to plan for, and make a routine/rule that helps you keep that harmful impulse in check. Maybe take a stress ball with you into stores so your hands stay busy, or listen to headphones while in a store so you're concentrating on music or a podcast instead of the impulse to shoplift. ", "link_id": "t3_8v95ox", "time": 1530466586}}
{"e18t5g9": {"text": "It gets easier telling friends and family with a little practice. I need and want my people to know what to look for and how best they can help me. \"If you see me do A, remind me that I told you you to tell me to do B.\" I can't afford to just have them politely ignore my behavior getting weirder; I need to know, and I need to correct course. I leave myself notes with selfcare checklists, and rules for keeping my shit together when I'm manic. I still hate when people question my diagnosis first, rather than supporting me. I wish I had some more help with that, but showing someone a checklist of common manic symptoms vs. MY manic symptoms has been helpful. ", "link_id": "t3_8tn0vl", "time": 1529897796}}
{"e1351mt": {"text": "I take gabapentin in the evening to help me slow down when I'm wired like you are. It's only then that the other sleep hygiene and sleep routines stuff will work. Guided meditation works well with my brain, too. ", "link_id": "t3_8stg7v", "time": 1529634654}}
{"e0z13mg": {"text": "\"No craft stores\" is one of my hypomanic rules for myself. Its too intoxicating, and I honestly do have plenty of supplies for projects already at home.", "link_id": "t3_8sevgu", "time": 1529469787}}
{"e0z0ldq": {"text": "Realistic: I am suddenly so much funnier, more charming, and a fantastic writer. And awesome in bed. Delusional: Everyone is avoiding me because I'm a black hole of personality. No one will ever love or understand me. ", "link_id": "t3_8samce", "time": 1529469128}}
{"e0wj72d": {"text": "I think it's definitely worth finding a gym that has childcare, too. Your selfcare routines are important. Exercise is surprisingly effective as a mood booster. ", "link_id": "t3_8rzi1p", "time": 1529369670}}
{"e0wigas": {"text": "One other thing to consider is how good is your decision making when you're hypomanic? Is your impulsivity causing other people problems or is risking your health? Are you creating longer-term problems for youself that you'll regret? Even when I'm having a few days of happy fun-time hypomania, there are negative consequences to deal with afterwards. And life is rarely that simple. I've been having more mixed episodes, which is really, really rough fo me and the people around me. ", "link_id": "t3_8s19z1", "time": 1529368895}}
{"e0wgkae": {"text": "Welbutrin alone did nothing to stop or slow my manic and hypomanic swings or curb my anxiety. I think you generally get something prescribed along with it, if at all for BP. ", "link_id": "t3_8rz0gg", "time": 1529366944}}
{"e0wgcl2": {"text": "I take this one. It helps me sleep, especially when I'm hypomanic and spiraling. Figuring how much I can tolerate has been tricky. 600 mg when I'm not hypomanic/manic will knock me on my ass, and I'll be dopey for 8 to 10 hours. It's my normal amount right now though (hypomanic). ", "link_id": "t3_8rz0gg", "time": 1529366725}}
{"e0l2rvw": {"text": "My understanding is the the bigger or more frequent manic swings tend to lead to bigger and longer depressive swings. ADHD and hypomania have a lot in common, too, making the issues harder to pin down in the case that you are experiencing both. For me, hypomania isn't 100% bad, but the cumulative effects of the impulsivity, hypersexuality, irritability, lack of sleep, obsessive thoughts, and so on all adds up. It's disruptive to my longer term goals. Sometimes my obsessive thoughts during an episode focus on a particular person and relationship, and it fuels the intensity of my feelings. Like the tone of your post reads a lot like my journal (which is always cringey as hell to reread when I'm back in a more normal mood). I'd recommend that you journal all these feelings you're having now, and come back to them in a week or two. Theres nothing actionable right now. Keep up with your solid selfcare routines, and just wait a bit and see what happens. You don't live near each other. You're not really dating. It's okay to just let this be undetermined for awhile. The only rush is in your own mind. Nothing bad is going to happen if you give an infatuation a chance to flame out.", "link_id": "t3_8qp3zv", "time": 1528865141}}
{"e0kzk4b": {"text": "Inability to be intimate and sexual with your ex-gf is a big deal. You're really downplaying it, but that's a dealbreaker for most people. For her, the daily feeling of being rejected and undesired is a big deal, and it made her miserable. Let her go. She's trying to make it easy on you, but the two of you aren't meant to be. She is seeking out what she needs to be happy. You should also seek a partner who is more sexually compatible with you. ", "link_id": "t3_8qp0ek", "time": 1528860991}}
{"e0kz57l": {"text": "What is the motivation for being in the situations in which you cheat? \"Cheating problem\" isnt specific enough. You don't just accidentally fall on a penis multiple times. It's a choice.Are you craving attention? Power? Feeling desired? The fun of sneaking around? Are you struggling with your mental health? Impulsivity? Raging libido? Figure this out with a therapist before you torch another meaningful relationship. Unfortunately, there are few people who are going to be able to get past an extensive cheating problem, especially if you're not in therapy and working hard on the root issues. ", "link_id": "t3_8qp0r7", "time": 1528860499}}
{"e0kysom": {"text": "He's not going to be the support you need. You deserve better than to be dumped in that way, but in a way it's a gift. That brutal information right there shows you just how much you can't count on him. There's no need to try to force it to work, or to lower your standards further than this. Work on getting healthy and stable. And then seek out the kind of partner you deserve; this is beneath you. ", "link_id": "t3_8qp32x", "time": 1528860092}}
{"e0kyb72": {"text": "No. Its limerence. Which is intense, but not a sign from the universe. Slow down and look at your own feelings. Does it make sense for them to be so intense in this situation? \"Limerence\u00a0is a state of mind which results from\u00a0a romantic attraction to another person and typically includes obsessive thoughts and fantasies and a desire to form or maintain a relationship with the object of love and have one's feelings reciprocated.\" From WikipediaEdited to add: You might have your new psychiatrist talk with you about signs of mania and hypomania. Something about your post makes me strongly suspect the latter. (Been there myself, no judgement, just concern.)", "link_id": "t3_8qp3zv", "time": 1528859532}}
{"e0kxwh0": {"text": "You are making tons of assumptions about what they're looking for in a partner, and how they would react to you specifically. That's not realistic. Don't read in between the lines, and fill in the best possible scenario. That's what I mean by falling in love with a profile. The real person isnt exactly who you're imagining right now; that's literally impossible. ", "link_id": "t3_8qovuz", "time": 1528859062}}
{"e0kxlo7": {"text": "Wait and see where things go on their own. I think if the other person is really into you, they'll bring it up. They'll show you that the relationship is important to them, as well as telling you. Of course, you can do the same, but it sounds like you want to hear that from your guy, not that you feel the need to tell him. So waiting is your best option. Also check out Sonyainfur on Instagram. She just did a great video on this topic. :)", "link_id": "t3_8q9xjm", "time": 1528858722}}
{"e0kwhr3": {"text": "The message itself doesn't matter that much if I wouldnt have matched with him either way. At best, + 10% chance of me being interested and responding. A message before a match communicates that you're specifically interested in me (yay for you), but doesn't affect how I consider a profile. Advice: Don't fall in love with a profile. It's an illusion. ", "link_id": "t3_8qovuz", "time": 1528857479}}
{"e0ka6e3": {"text": "It's not a bad thing to be a people pleaser and to try to make an amazing life for your child; you sound like a lovely person. Just remember, YOU deserve love, care, and respect, too. You're not just a person who gives these things to others - you're a person who deserves them back. ", "link_id": "t3_8qlwy0", "time": 1528835347}}
{"e0k9rvw": {"text": "Keep your head up and act like the professional you want to be. Make a list of the 30 reasons you're going to do this. Think hard about how you want to behave and why. You got offered a great job! You're going to be a badass in that new position. If it comes up in private conversation that you acted a fool after the breakup, then just apologize briefly and confirm that you're in a better place now. And back to being friendly and professional. ", "link_id": "t3_8qlmrf", "time": 1528835009}}
{"e0k9hid": {"text": "You can't make your partner change. You can't make his mother change. All you have control of is your own actions. In a similar situation, I decided to divorce. I'm happier living alone - my house is cleaner. My kids have a better, more consistent routine. And I spend my time taking care of my kids and myself, rather than way too much time and energy on a grown ass man. I can't control how my ex is parenting our kids when he has custody, but that was never a possibility anyway. My actions - covering up for his poor parenting, cleaning up after him, making him look more togethe - all these things led to him doing less and less and less. A lot of my depression and anxiety stems from trying to control someone who was uncontrollable. I recommend that you do some reading on codependency because that's what I'm reading in between the lines of your post. The good news is that you can make changes to your own life and build a healthier situation for yourself. You're not breaking up something that wasn't already broken. ", "link_id": "t3_8qlwy0", "time": 1528834766}}
{"e0k8umy": {"text": "GOOD GRIEF. Break up. He doesn't love you. I'm rolling my eyes at \"almost.\" You don't love him, and you're settling again for another lukewarm relationship. \"No real flaws\" makes me want to yawn. That's not good enough. You deserve more. More is out there. How many years of your life do you want to spend being bored with this dude?", "link_id": "t3_8qlmxb", "time": 1528834228}}
{"e0k8ond": {"text": "If it's perfectly okay for you to fall asleep after sex, then surely it's okay for him to send text messages? Okay: Sending a text message to your kid's mom.Not Okay: Finding a fuckbuddy on Tinder. ", "link_id": "t3_8qlpad", "time": 1528834090}}
{"e0k8fm7": {"text": "Consider what your goals are for the couples' session. I don't think closure is a realistic goal, though. Maybe it would be useful to spend an hour with a third party discussing how you two can make sure that accounts, finances, jointed owned assets are split up fairly, and establishing rules for future contact -- that seems more reasonable. I think there's a solid chance that he's going to beg you to come back, forgive him, don't give up your history together, blah blah blah. Don't budge. You can love him and care about him, but still not want to be in a relationship with him. Prioritize what's safe and best for you. You're not responsible for his feelings or his actions. Slim chance that you will get the closure or answers you're looking for about the reasons why he's cheated and acted the way that he has. I doubt he even knows why he's done the things he has. Maybe with some time and perspective, you'll be able to see the negative patterns of your relationship more clearly, but I don't know that you can have that type of clarity right now. ", "link_id": "t3_8qlodi", "time": 1528833880}}
{"e0k7s8q": {"text": "Say this: \"I love you, but I'm dumping you the next time you joke about killing yourself. If you think you might need help, just say so, and I'll get you help. These are your only options.\" Follow through without hesitation. ", "link_id": "t3_8qlz7y", "time": 1528833336}}
{"e0k7g10": {"text": "Break up with both of them. They're both acting inappropriately. Keep dating around so that you have a better sense of what's okay and not okay. 1. FWB: If you catch feelings for your FWB, then you need to reevaluate that relationship, and probably end it. Highly likely that he's getting the benefits of you having feelings for him, but you're not getting the benefits of a mutual relationship. That's toxic for your self-esteem. The fact that he wants you now doesn't matter. Go back to being just friends. 2. Older Dude: 10 years is tooooooo much when you're 22 and he's 32. It's not okay to have such a big age gap, it creates a major power imbalance, but it's really hard to see exactly why when you're 22. It feels flattering that someone older wants to be with you, but it's a red flag that he wants someone younger, less powerful, and less experienced to think that he's got his shit together. Just read through a dozen random examples on this sub with age gaps of 10 years; the patterns are there in every single one. You deserve better. And you can do better. Get out there and find it!", "link_id": "t3_8qlxo7", "time": 1528833057}}
{"e0k6rpx": {"text": "That's a really long relationship, and of course, you're still reeling from the change. Be patient with yourself and your timeline of decompressing from a difficult breakup. You've been in a relationship for a formative period of your life, and that makes a huge impact on your ideas about your identity. I think you should see an individual counselor, not a couples counselor. Cheating, porn addiction, poor communication, and all that drama is not a positive sign that you should keep trying to make it work. He's not in good condition right now - don't commit to staying together or working things out with someone who hasn't done the work on himself already.I ended an even longer relationship last year, and I get that it's complicated to move on. It sounds like part of what was holding you together in that relationship was that you're not sure you're going to get another one. Keep putting one foot in front of the other. Keep up the self-care. Dating will be there for you when you're ready, but it's not something to jump into when you're feeling fragile. ", "link_id": "t3_8qlodi", "time": 1528832498}}
{"e0k60fi": {"text": "I think the best course is to calmly \"sportscast\" the situation when you see it happening. (This is what I also do with young children who lack insight into others and need the help.) Giving positive feedback goes a really, really long way with some people - particularly when they're insecure. So reflect back to him, unemotionally, when he's bragging about his contributions. \"You're really proud of your contribution to the family by unloading the dishwasher. Thank you for doing your part, brother. It's important that each of us contributes to keeping a clean house. You also are the best at Chore X, too!\" Yeah, that's kinda infantile, but so is bragging about unloading the dishwasher. He might need even more help to truly change, but I'm guessing there's some deeply rooted misogyny involved here that you're not going to shake. (Mom and sisters = the ones who clean the house.) ", "link_id": "t3_8qlpv8", "time": 1528831864}}
{"e0k5axt": {"text": "Examine WHY you want to be with her. Because you honestly don't paint a very flattering picture. Good friendship and having a good time together is the *bare minimum* of what you need for a solid relationship. These alone aren't enough, and trying to force it to work is just misery. You don't like her substance use, there's sooooo much drama, moving in impulsively, etc. You both need to be relatively healthy, happy people before you can enter into a healthy, happy relationship. It sure doesn't sound like either of you is there right now. ", "link_id": "t3_8qlqtc", "time": 1528831280}}
{"e00k2ad": {"text": "Sounds like gaslighting to me. ", "link_id": "t3_8o1r42", "time": 1527980492}}
{"dys072n": {"text": "THERAPY. So much of this line of thinking is not rational, and I think you basically know that, too. You don't have a giant amount of life experience yet for context. Twenty-four is young. People change drastically over time, yourself included. If you want to go hookup with Tinder guy, go for it. But if you go into it with your current attitude and baggage, it's probably not going to be even a modestly pleasant experience. You need to be in better working order before getting on Tinder; you're too tender right now to weather the incidental damage of online dating. ", "link_id": "t3_8iib0s", "time": 1525988362}}
{"dyrzy65": {"text": "You're allowed to buy the dog you want. Period. End of story. Ignore the friend who didn't ask any details, and your daughter who is jealous of your relationship with a pet. Be a good owner, and don't worry about the rest of the noise. The people who care don't matter, and the people who matter don't care. ", "link_id": "t3_8iiduy", "time": 1525988121}}
{"dyrzstz": {"text": "You've had your \"share of fights\" because you're in a relationship with a jealous, insecure woman. There's no amount of social media gymnastics or nice things you say to her that's going to fix that underlying problem. Sorry, but the problem isn't the Instagram account, it's her baggage/personality. ", "link_id": "t3_8iif9t", "time": 1525987977}}
{"dyrzmwm": {"text": "Don't bother addressing it. Just live your life the best you can and refuse to participate in her competition. Treat any and all conversation about your body, her body, your diet, her diet, and comparisons of all of those as the *most boring conversation ever.* That's how you \"win\" -- You don't play that game. And you keep your distance because she's not in a healthy place if she feels the need to compete with you in this way. ", "link_id": "t3_8igz6h", "time": 1525987821}}
{"dxs8mwk": {"text": "I agree that in the middle of a drunken outing is 100% not the time for him to start renegotiating the terms of your arrangement. I do think you were smart to turn down a drunken threesome with a new partner, especially when you hadn't discussed any boundaries, STD tests, etc. with each other first. Recipe for disaster and drama. You still got the drama though, since apparently, your boyfriend doesn't like to hear the word \"no\" and doesn't respect the boundaries you guys have set for your relationship. That doesn't bode well for his ability to respect boundaries and NO during a sexual encounter, either. I'd proceed with caution. ", "link_id": "t3_8e40zl", "time": 1524414212}}
{"dxs84wu": {"text": "Here's how I would approach it: \"Franklin, this project is extremely important to me, and I'm determined to make the best grade possible. I'm hoping you're in the same boat. I'm having a problem with Mina and Erica not communicating with me, which is obviously a problem. If you and I can collaborate, I think we can pull off a good grade and a good presentation. Let's come up with a list of tasks and a timeline that's realistic for the two of us to accomplish. We will loop Mina and Erica in via email, but we can't do anything about it if they refuse to respond or contribute. I'm meeting with the professor on Monday to let her know about this issue, and I'd like to be able to show her what we've come up with on our own.\" If he's smart, he'll get on board because you'll clearly have your shit together, everything will be well-documented, and the professor is up to date on who is supposed to be doing what in the group. Edited to add: Find out what's important to Franklin - dealing with less drama, better grades on these assignments, just wants someone to tell him what to do, etc. If you know what his motivation is, you're in a better position to help him get it in return for what you need/want. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3kr2", "time": 1524413651}}
{"dxs7qhc": {"text": "It's not, once the respect is gone. Make plans to disentangle your lives. You already know how she is going to respond, so plan accordingly. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3ka3", "time": 1524413204}}
{"dxs7nli": {"text": "I think the *why* matters here. He thought this evening was finally his chance to hookup and/or have a threesome, but he got confronted with the reality -- his half of the relationship isn't actually open after all. That would be a dealbreaker for a lot of people. ", "link_id": "t3_8e40zl", "time": 1524413114}}
{"dxs7gmi": {"text": "She likes you sorta, but isn't that into the sex you guys are having. She wanted more/better sex, and you responding by slowing things down? She's regretting closing the relationship, which is why the texting is happening. Your snooping and testing her by asking questions about it is a red flag. Her lying about it is immature and also a red flag. She's not a good girlfriend/FWB for you, at least right now. Break up. Keep going to therapy. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3tcx", "time": 1524412898}}
{"dxs6uw3": {"text": "Why are you allowed to hookup with other people but he's not? ", "link_id": "t3_8e40zl", "time": 1524412213}}
{"dxs6l4w": {"text": "I'd call (yes, with your actual voice) Franklin today. Being more proactive and not just leaving everything to texts is going to make you look better and more professional when you meet with your professor. Part of your job right now is going to be image management, and if there's a dispute that your professor needs to weigh in on, you need to look like the more professional, responsible student. Don't let your desire not to look bossy actually make you look weak or irresponsible. Bossy is better. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3kr2", "time": 1524411910}}
{"dxs6fj0": {"text": "You sure you want to be in this relationship? Honestly, it sounds like you two don't even like or respect each other very much. Contempt going both ways is pretty toxic. I wouldn't want to live the rest of my life like that either. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3ka3", "time": 1524411734}}
{"dxs680w": {"text": "If the goal is not to destabilize the relationship while pursuing other sexual experiences, then I'm not sure that the rules you're putting in place will actually accomplish that. Your ability to make sure that all potential sexual partners are healthy, sane, considerate people is decreased if you're following those rules. I think an open relationship can be a really healthy one, but I have some concerns about the rules you have in place. It sounds like you're specifically filtering for spontaneous, hookup sex with strangers while traveling --- but you don't say *why* that's what you guys are considering. Let's say you find a nice woman who you get along with well, who is happy to be an occasional FWB and isn't going to cause drama in your life, then you can only sleep with her once? That makes no sense to me. What's the benefit of someone not local? What's the benefit of excluding people that you already know are sex-positive, healthy, fun, and sane? What's the benefit of doing ALL the work of vetting someone, and then ditching them after one encounter? I do see the benefit of not necessarily having them in your home, but that's a personal preference. What's the benefit of having these experiences if you can't at least discuss them with the person that you already have an amazing relationship with? If you run into something questionable, wouldn't you want to be able to ask the opinion of the person you trust the most?I don't have answers for how to make your situation work, that's unique to the two of you. But I think it's worth considering why the rules are in place and what the logical consequences of those rules will be. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3kah", "time": 1524411506}}
{"dxs5ild": {"text": "Figure out what you actually need from these people. Communicate that clearly, and emphasize that you're happy to help with X, Y, and Z if asked ASAP. Get your part done early. Keep all communications professional and stay in your lane. Meet in person ASAP if you can swing that, and hash it out over coffee with all 4 of you. Definitely, reach out to Franklin individually and see if the two of you can collaborate. It would help things if he allies with you, rather than being part of the freeze out. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3kr2", "time": 1524410695}}
{"dxs54st": {"text": "Come on, you know better. Dump this dude ASAP. Ever hear a love song that includes a verse where the dude is sociopathically texting to get nudes?If you choose to stay, you'll remember this moment as the one where you should have left. You have all the red flags you could possibly need to make this decision. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3lra", "time": 1524410253}}
{"dxs4uaa": {"text": "It's not her job to manage your feelings of unworthiness and jealousy. That's for you to handle and figure out. You're asking her to do a lot of emotional labor that's really not her job. You don't get to ask for credit for not acting like a jealous jerk, but then actually still act like a jealous jerk. You said you didn't feel like you were in love with her (which is totally fair at the 3 month point). BUT that's a big deal to her. You don't feel the same way about her that she feels about you. She's not interested in talking to you and dating you, which is a pretty fair reaction to what's been going on (lots of drama and a BF saying he doesn't love you enough). You need to figure out how to be in a relationship and lose that sense of \"ownership\" over the person you are dating. Your partner is entitled to have friends of all genders and sexual orientations, and it's not up to you to approve or disapprove. Learn to take \"I like/love you, and am not interested in dating other people\" as the answer and acceptance you're looking for. By constantly questioning it and testing it, you're going to lose it. Insecurity and controlling behavior is toxic to a healthy relationship. ", "link_id": "t3_8e3odj", "time": 1524409908}}
{"dxs4acp": {"text": "NOT YOUR FAULT. His behavior is his responsibility. 100%. No exceptions. Do not take half the blame for this nonsense.Being a little bit older, I've gained some perspective on this. Being in school (also having kids and other serious responsibilities) means that sometimes your partner doesn't come first. Can't come first. If your partner tries to \"punish\" you for being a responsible student (or parent), then they suck. Good partner: \"You're really busy this week. How about I meal prep for you so you can focus on studying?\" Bad partner: Goes off the f*ing rails as soon as they don't have your complete attention, and makes drama. Sometimes you're the partner who is supporting the other one, sometimes you need the support. I would strongly reconsider dating this dude. He's pulling focus to himself when you're in the middle of studying for finals. That's not a dude that has your back. ", "link_id": "t3_8e1by8", "time": 1524409254}}
{"dxqiv86": {"text": "You should go. It almost doesn't matter *why* she's keeping you a secret, but it's a major red flag that all is not well with her. The fact that you're reluctant to ask her (because she doesn't want to talk about it) is also a red flag. The fact that you already find it monotonous (I would too, btw) is yet another red flag. These all indicate there is/are a serious issues nobody is talking about. At the very least, it's a bad fit. After 5 weeks, maybe a few people know about you as a couple. After 5 months, all the important people in your life should know you're in a relationship. Something is up. Doesn't matter what it is, because she should already have discussed it with you. ", "link_id": "t3_8dwn0a", "time": 1524326922}}
{"dxjhapr": {"text": "Are you sure that you're focusing on the traits in a partner that will truly make you happy? Rather than looking for someone with the same type of career and personality, income, interests, etc., look for someone who gets who you are and how hard you've worked to get to where you are. I don't want to date my clone; I want to be understood, appreciated, and accepted for who I am. The worst dates I've been on are the ones that \"should\" have worked, and some of my favorites are the ones that I thought would never work (but I was too curious to turn down). My current dude has had a vastly different life path than me, but I admire his work ethic, grit, kindness, and intelligence. And he puts up with my love of Broadway musicals, and the fact that I *will* be singing them in the car at full volume. There are badasses and ambitious, hard-working people in every profession if that's what's important to you. I don't think you mean to be off-putting, but you seem to disregard men in \"less skilled professions\" or which aren't as well compensated as yours. I think that's a mistake, because you're missing out on some really cool, interesting, passionate people. ", "link_id": "t3_8cy8io", "time": 1524010763}}
{"dxjf76o": {"text": "I think that extensive talking about exes is a dealbreaker. It's a sign that they're not in a good place to start a new relationship, not to mention they have terrible taste in picking conversational topics. I've been guilty of this too on occasion, and it should be treated as a red flag. ", "link_id": "t3_8cxi7b", "time": 1524008665}}
{"dx9jum5": {"text": "Hi, my fellow Austinite! Take care of yourself, and be gentle with yourself right now. ", "link_id": "t3_8bt6ry", "time": 1523567722}}
{"dx9jkxy": {"text": "Doesn't sound \"almost perfect\" to me. You sound bored with this relationship. Are any of the \"highs\" of your relationship something that's happened in the last 6 months or a year? ", "link_id": "t3_8btipt", "time": 1523567477}}
{"dx9j3my": {"text": "You need to break up. All this drama about an ex means that you guys aren't in a solid place to start with, and social media situation is a symptom, not the cause. It's not going to help anything for you to get all controlling and micromanage her level of contact on social media. You don't get to decide that for her, but do you do get to decide if you're willing to trust her decisions in that area. You don't feel secure in this relationship -- possibly because you're not actually in a healthy, secure relationship. You say that she's working through her feelings about him. Does that feel good to you? Sounds like it's pretty painful for you. I think you should break up, and let her resolve those feelings. ", "link_id": "t3_8btjsr", "time": 1523567035}}
{"dx9igq8": {"text": "Right now you need to focus on self-care, and re-finding balance in your life. There's a big vacuum after ending a relationship like that, and it's completely normal to feel lost in the aftermath. Make a list (seriously, sit down and make a list on paper) of the activities that you need to do that will help you feel better and to keep from going off the rails: go to the gym, brush and floss, take a walk in the sunshine, volunteer at the animal shelter, do your hair, clean your fridge out, mop the floors, journal your feelings, stretch or do yoga, prep healthy meals, email a friend you haven't seen in ages, etc. Post that page where you're going to see it frequently. If you find yourself feeling shitty and depressed, go pick an activity off the list. Consider also making a list of the stuff that you're not going to do: call the ex, text the ex, burn anything, binge eat, binge drink, go on a Tinder binge, meltdown in public, or put your drama on social media. If you can stick to the first list, and avoid the 2nd one, you're going to be alright, and emerge from this with your dignity intact. You've got this. ", "link_id": "t3_8bt6ry", "time": 1523566470}}
{"dx9hvkl": {"text": "I'm not a big fan of the term \"microcheating\", but essentially, there are lots of little ill-advised steps you take before an *official!* cheating sex act. I'd say it's the stuff that's toeing the line of cheating vs. not cheating, that you know your partner wouldn't be fine with. Like I said, different people draw different lines. And yeah, lots of people would have a problem with their new partner still maintaining a close relationship with their ex, especially a flirty one. ", "link_id": "t3_8btch8", "time": 1523565947}}
{"dx9hkb2": {"text": "WHOA! Slow the heck down, already. Girl, why are the alarm bells not going off in your head right now? I have a feeling you are catching on to it since you wrote this post. But yes, this is fast. Him breaking off a 7-year relationship to fast-track you into the girlfriend role is a giant red flag. This being your first boyfriend, you might be excited to have a \"serious\" relationship, but this isn't the way to get there. A whirlwind romance sounds fun, but don't let it cloud your judgment. Too much, too fast means that there's *something* wrong. Someone in a good place in their life doesn't move that quickly, but someone confused or in a lot of pain would use a new relationship to avoid dealing with the fallout of ending a formative, long-term relationship. He simply doesn't know you well enough yet, and you don't know him well enough yet. Talking about moving in together, etc. Oh boy. Slow it down, and make sure you're not filling in the gaps with the best possible version of each other. ", "link_id": "t3_8bt42w", "time": 1523565679}}
{"dx9gpbb": {"text": "If you're transparent about it, and your motives are good, then you're fine. If you're sneaking around and lying about it, then you need to be honest with the people in your life. Different people have different rules about what constitutes cheating, where the lines are with opposite-sex friendships, and \"micro-cheating.\" Draw those lines clearly with your new guy, and be honest with yourself and both these men about your intentions. ", "link_id": "t3_8btch8", "time": 1523564926}}
{"dx9gghp": {"text": "There's no such thing as the one. ", "link_id": "t3_8bta2u", "time": 1523564712}}
{"dx9gdo2": {"text": "Your \"friend\" is terrible. He's trying to gross you out so you don't date this guy, and the things he's claiming may not have even happened. He's causing drama where it is unnecessary. There's no such thing as \"dibs\" in dating, especially in the LGBT community, where there simply aren't enough people to never date/sleep with someone that's dated/slept with a friend of yours. ", "link_id": "t3_8btahg", "time": 1523564644}}
{"dx1l9a9": {"text": "Really great improvements! Great job!", "link_id": "t3_8apz0r", "time": 1523233561}}
{"dww5gtu": {"text": "I've got canned responses for days..... I got you. Next time he texts you at 2 am, just respond, \"Hey, thanks for the offer, but I'm taking a break from hookups. Hope you find what you're looking for and good luck out there!\" If he presses you for more details, maybe add \"I'm just not feeling that romantic/sexual spark that I'm looking for right now. It's been really fun, and you're a good dude. I know you'll find somebody awesome!\" A little flattery never hurt! ;)", "link_id": "t3_8a5my0", "time": 1522983378}}
{"dww563i": {"text": "You do not need your girlfriend's permission to take a break. Keep talking to your therapists, by all means, but you don't need a committee to sign off on breaking up or taking a break. It's basically the only unilateral decision in a relationship. She might not take you back after it - but you absolutely have the right to decide to be on your own. I think you should go ahead and give it a try. You know you don't want to get married (or you would have proposed by now). Maybe take your lack of enthusiasm for this relationship continuing as a sign that it needs to end. ", "link_id": "t3_8a5t4q", "time": 1522983072}}
{"dww4p0j": {"text": "You need more time to grieve the end of that relationship. There are/were good reasons that you weren't putting effort into that relationship. Take a break and look around you. Meet some new people, put yourself in some new situations, and work on yourself. It's normal to feel lonely after a breakup and to idealize all the great parts of that relationship. Give yourself permission to get excited about someone new. ", "link_id": "t3_8a5zpf", "time": 1522982588}}
{"dww49iz": {"text": "Well, age gaps this big usually are a sign that something is amiss. The fact that she's acting reluctant to bring you around to meet her friends and family sorta points to the fact that she thinks there's something amiss too. I wouldn't date someone who is too immature or insecure to admit that they're dating me. If she can't own up to that decision, then she shouldn't be making that particular decision.It's possible that the only reason your relationship is working right now is that you're not actually a part of her \"real\" life; you're a vacation from it. Does she live alone, with her parents, or with roommates? Does nobody from her life know you yet? How much can you actually know or love her if you're not seeing a [more] complete picture of her life and the people in it? I have a feeling that you're filling in the gaps with an idealized version of who you want her to be. It's possible that she may even sense that reality won't live up to your fantasy of her, and that you'll dump her if you see who she is in that context. ", "link_id": "t3_8a5x9a", "time": 1522982170}}
{"dww3rtw": {"text": "This is a hot mess - stop hooking up with this guy. He drinks too much, treats you poorly, and leaves you feeling lost and insecure. This is not a FRIEND with benefits. Good grief, there's not a penis shortage in the world! Go find a FWB that actually treats you like a friend. ", "link_id": "t3_8a5my0", "time": 1522981682}}
{"dww3ip9": {"text": "I think you need to break up with your girlfriend, regardless of what you decide to do about Lisa. The only positive thing you've said about being with her in the future is that she \"has great qualities for having kids.\" It sounds like you guys have a history together, but not enough to hold you together in the future. And you don't even love her?? I think you both deserve to be with someone who *really really* wants to be with you. The relationship with Lisa doesn't sound like it has much of a future either, honestly. She's monogamous, and you're not.Go find someone you're excited about AND who is also non-monogamous. ", "link_id": "t3_8a5sb6", "time": 1522981433}}
{"dww2zz2": {"text": "You're not alone - this is such a personal preference thing, and it varies widely. What would be \"clingy\" to one person would be \"cold\" to another. He might be trying to play it cool, and wondering if you like *him*, you know. Don't just always wait for him to initiate stuff. If you're feeling it, let him know! Text him something that's a follow-up to whatever you guys talked about last time, and tell him you'd like to hang out this weekend if he's free. I'm a more frequent texter than the guy I'm dating, but I felt like I needed to just own that early on. In the morning, I have my coffee, then I like to check in with all my people. If that's a problem, then NEXT!", "link_id": "t3_8a03eb", "time": 1522980913}}
{"dwusijd": {"text": "Advice from someone who stayed with their high school sweetheart for way too long; use this break to take stock of your life and what you really want for your future. I think this isn't a crisis that you need to fix, but it is actually an *opportunity* that might give you some really critical information. Be supportive and check in every once in awhile, if that feels right to you. Remember that it's not your job to manage his emotions for him; he's a grown man. You're getting a front row seat to see how he reacts when faced with a really stressful and painful situation. That is *really important* information about how he reacts to stress later in your potential relationship. People die, jobs are lost, children cause total chaos. Life is stressful, and dealing with it appropriately is an important factor in a relationship. I do think you should strongly reconsider staying with someone who pushes you away and partially breaks up with you when times are tough. Every man for himself isn't a great coping strategy, is it?This is also an opportunity for him to see what HIS life is like without you in it. Give him a chance to really miss you, and see what happens.  Use this break to see what your life is like without him in it. Is that relationship actually working for you? Or are you making sacrifices for the relationship that you shouldn't be making at 19? From reading between the lines, he sounds like he doesn't know what he wants. You deserve to be with someone who emphatically knows that what he wants in his life is YOU. ", "link_id": "t3_8a04x6", "time": 1522939820}}
{"dwurdps": {"text": "Well, it's a little premature to classify a guy you made out once with as a fling/fuckbuddy, but YES do reach out and say hi via text. Suggest that you go out for a drink. See if you still click or if he's in a relationship. A sexy picture out of nowhere is a pretty bold move, so you might want to slow your roll a bit unless that's your usual personality. ", "link_id": "t3_8a0561", "time": 1522938792}}
{"dwtfnxs": {"text": "It sounds like you have a hard time vocalizing what you really want. I don't know how long you've been in this particular relationship, but this is a really critical skill in romantic relationships. No boyfriend is a mind-reader, and wanting and wishing isn't going to get you what you want. If you only have a \"great relationship\" because you avoid every instance in which you might hurt his feelings, then the relationship is going to stagnate in intimacy and knowledge of each other. Therapy can be helpful for working through this kind of issue. I think a lot of the time, girls are given the message that it's our job to manage other people's emotions and reactions, but it's really not. You are allowed to be annoyed when your boyfriend baby-talks to the dog, and you are perfectly within your rights to ask him to cut it out. He's allowed to have his reaction, and make a decision about what he will or won't change. But it's not up to you to manage all of that. Say what you want --- you might just get it. ", "link_id": "t3_89t9wm", "time": 1522877267}}
{"dwtf2ch": {"text": "I think this is a defining moment for you. My advice is to be brave and vulnerable and authentic with these coworkers and share a photo or two. (Nobody wants to see more than 2 vacation photos anyway.)If this is really about building a team by getting to know each other, then let them actually know you. If you have an ally or two, give them a heads up that you're going to share the photos and your worried about the reaction of some of the people you don't know well. They'll likely be more than happy to step in and quash any nonsense. Be honest with yourself about what your real fears in this situation are, and just sit with that for a moment. Rejection is painful. Economic insecurity is scary. I have the utmost respect for people who are able to acknowledge these fears, and still go after what they really want. We all want connection and acceptance, but we have to be vulnerable to actually get those things.", "link_id": "t3_89t8er", "time": 1522876738}}
{"dwte6al": {"text": "You've got a chronic illness and a toddler - so yeah, you're going to have to cancel sometimes. I feel like this is just a phase in life that my other mom-friends intuitively understand, and nobody takes it too personally. We tend to set group outings so that if one or two people flake out (for legitimate reasons like a migraine or sick kid), it's still on and not canceled completely. It seems so weird that one of your closest friends would *lay into* you completely out of the blue about this issue. Either she truly doesn't understand your life and what you've been going through, or she doesn't care, and it's all about her disappointment. (Or alternatively, maybe you really are flakey and she's frustrated because she feels like she's been there emotionally for you, and when she needs you, you cancel on her.) Either way, it doesn't sound like you want to maintain this friendship after this incident. What do you miss about her?", "link_id": "t3_89t7ru", "time": 1522875969}}
{"dwtdgd0": {"text": "It sounds like you're done hanging out with Sam - he's emotionally exhausting, bitter about a past relationship, gives unsolicited advice, and lacks tact. I wouldn't want to hang out with that dude, and maybe other women wouldn't either -- but that doesn't make it your responsibility. You can tell him that you need to take a step back and reassess your friendship. It sounds like it's run its course, and maybe he's holding YOU back from finding what you want. ", "link_id": "t3_89t9r2", "time": 1522875361}}
{"dwtclgt": {"text": "You DO have a right to ask your BF to stop doing something that drives you nuts. Why are you afraid to just be honest that it's bugging you?", "link_id": "t3_89t9wm", "time": 1522874667}}
{"dwsxzz2": {"text": "\"Help me understand why this is so important to you. I feel like I'm missing something, and I want to understand where you're coming from.\" ", "link_id": "t3_89rbub", "time": 1522862438}}
{"dwrptt5": {"text": "Holy hell, noooooooo! You can't even eat in peace! Or go to the bathroom without an interrogation! Come on, I think you know the right answer is that you can NOT live like this. You already escaped one overbearing controlling person, and you're going to need to do it again. The reason you didn't bail on this crazy dude immediately is because living with a person with poor boundaries still feels normal to you, but it's not. It doesn't really matter why he is the way he is (hint: it's out-of-control anxiety), but you are not in a position to fix it for him. Save yourself, because this doesn't have a non-miserable ending. ", "link_id": "t3_89l1hp", "time": 1522807184}}
{"dwrodgn": {"text": "Stridex pads, maximum strength. It's the one in the red box. Not great for supersensitive skin, but loads better than the scrub. For CVS moisturizer - try Cereve. I agree that AHA is a good idea; I like the Paula's Choice AHA and BHA, but you're not going to get those for cheap. ", "link_id": "t3_89jxrx", "time": 1522805901}}
{"dwr4666": {"text": "You wrote \"For the most part I'm happy\" ...but you've just described a giant toxic mess that is making you miserable. You CAN'T change him. You can't save him, either. For the sake of the kid that's about to be born, simplify your life and get really clear on what your expectations are for him as a father. He's not a good SO, but maybe he can be a decent father. ", "link_id": "t3_89i70q", "time": 1522788095}}
{"dwr3o44": {"text": "You sure you want to stay in this relationship? It sure doesn't sound like you guys are on the same team. In your shoes, I'd really look hard at what I was sacrificing so much for - a relationship where your career, needs, and wants are put on the backburner, while he spends what he wants and *informs* you how your life is going to go. I'd strongly consider moving back in with family semi-permanently while you figure out your career, file for divorce, and figure out what *you* want your life to look like. ", "link_id": "t3_89i79t", "time": 1522787725}}
{"dwr1s81": {"text": "You need to break the cycle of obsessing over your ex-BF's sex life. You're choosing to obsess over your \"rivals\" instead of thinking about your role in the breakup. Relationships aren't just a beauty contest, and you're not going to *win* by going out and sleeping with someone better looking than your ex. You need to focus on some self-care activities. Literally, sit down and make a list of the healthy behaviors you're going to do when you're spiraling into crazy-town: Go for a run. Take a shower. Eat a salad. Go see a movie. Send an email to friend. Sit in the sunshine. Brush and floss your teeth. Ride your bicycle. Lift weights at the gym. Walk your dog. Right now, you're actively choosing thoughts and activities that are making you feel bad. You have the *choice* to replace those with healthy activities and feel-good thoughts. Maybe your boyfriend IS really shallow and decided not to marry you because you're not attractive enough, or maybe not. You don't get to control that, or even to know that. What you do get to control is moving forward with dignity and kindness towards yourself. You've got this. Self-care comes first. ", "link_id": "t3_89hx6b", "time": 1522786307}}
{"dwnjaae": {"text": "I think \"Daring Greatly\" is really a good read. The subject matter centers on vulnerability vs. shame. I think gets to the roots of why and how we experience our insecurities and how we try to protect ourselves. A lot of the time, what we do to try to protect ourselves are exactly the things that make us miserable and ensure that we get hurt. ", "link_id": "t3_88su87", "time": 1522630826}}
{"dwn37wi": {"text": "It sucks, but sometimes you don't get to know why a particular relationship didn't work out. He might be hiding something, or he might not even know exactly why he broke up with you. He might be sparing you a really unpleasant truth that wouldn't be helpful for you to know.What you DO get to do is decide how much dignity and class you retain as you move on with your life. Keep your shit together, and you maybe might get an answer some day. Maybe. Make a list of 10 self-care activities that you're going to do. When you're feeling lost, go back to your list and pick one. Get into weekly therapy and see a doctor about your mental health issues, so that you have a professional-level support system. Think about what you want your future to look like, whether or not you have a soulmate in it. What are the baby steps towards that future? Which ones can you work towards right now? What you're *not* going to do: wallow, call or text him, call or text his friends or family, make dramatic gestures to win him back. You've got this. Self-care first. ", "link_id": "t3_88tdwr", "time": 1522612110}}
{"dwn2evc": {"text": "I think the problem is that she's trying to control *your* behavior in an attempt to control *her* anxiety. If she recognizes that dynamic and actively wants to change it, then maybe there's hope. ", "link_id": "t3_88sxsa", "time": 1522611173}}
{"dwn21ex": {"text": "Time to break up. You are allowed to have strong opinions that are different than his. You are allowed to express those opinions without being called a \"fucking idiot\" and berated. *That's* normal couple stuff. He truly thinks he has the right to punish you for your \"transgression\" of disagreeing with him. You've been putting up with abuse for a long while now, and I'm so sorry that it seems almost normal now. But it's not. Time to bail. ", "link_id": "t3_88t8gd", "time": 1522610742}}
{"dwn1il6": {"text": "I was in a similar marriage, and it SUCKED. Mid-30s, and we'd been together since we were teenagers. I was absolutely miserable dealing with the consequences of a husband who didn't want to do his share. And you're right, your husband doesn't see a problem with the situation because the majority of the burden for making your lives work is on you. He does exactly what he wants, and no more than that. Counselling won't help unless he wants to change what he's doing. He's a grown man who knows that houses and relationships need upkeep, and he's *choosing* not to do that upkeep.Honestly, I put up with a lot more BS than I should have, and then I kicked him out 5 months ago. My apartment is so much cleaner, my life is much more peaceful, I've lost over 20 pounds, I've been going to the gym regularly, and I made great grades in my classes (went back to school) last semester. I also have had the amazing experience of seeing what *his* life looks like when I stop doing all that emotional and domestic labor for him. He's gained a ton of weight, his apartment is disgusting, and his relationships with everybody in our social circle are pretty strained. He has no living room furniture - just a desk with the gaming computer on it. It's covered in garbage and crumbs. Sound familiar?The divorce is taking longer than I'd like because of kids and financial issues, but I have absolutely zero regrets about the split. Consider what your life would look like without your husband in the middle of it. Divorce is no fun, but it's a hell of a lot better than staying married to someone you can't stand to live with. ", "link_id": "t3_88ss9a", "time": 1522610141}}
{"dwn0l3s": {"text": "You don't respect his privacy - he's a person who is allowed to have friendships, conversations, and thoughts that don't include you. You found out that he's a person who often talks about women (\"girls\", ugh) like sexual objects.You think that he's not allowed to have sexual thoughts that don't include you, and you feel that you have the right to police those thoughts. All of these things are serious problems. You have got to get your insecurities under control before you can have a healthy relationship with somebody. Read some Brene Brown, get some therapy, listen to some Dan Savage podcasts, or whatever you've got to do to get some perspective on this stuff. ", "link_id": "t3_88su87", "time": 1522609114}}
{"dwn09ua": {"text": "How confident are you at setting boundaries and dealing with conflict? Is that feeling of discomfort how you physically feel when mentally/emotionally uncomfortable? I'm wondering if you would like to set some boundaries (time, energy, physical space) but feel like you can't or shouldn't? I'm trying to read between the lines, and it sounds like you're a people-pleaser, and may feel very conflicted when what you want (not to be petted, dealing with unwanted romantic advances, etc) is different than what other people want. That feeling of discomfort isn't something you should ignore; I think your intuition is trying to tell you something here. ", "link_id": "t3_88svmk", "time": 1522608779}}
{"dwmzti1": {"text": "This is awful behavior - stop seeing her. She's straight up rude and insulting. Aside from having major issues being a good friend, I'm guessing she feels super-insecure about her own appearance. You're not her therapist though, and you can't fix this. Steer clear of her completely, cause you deserve better than a gossipy, superficial, and insulting BFF. ", "link_id": "t3_88swpo", "time": 1522608283}}
{"dwmzlu5": {"text": "This behavior is a neon flashing warning sign that she has some issues and baggage that she needs to work out. To answer your question directly - no, this isn't normal.There's no answer that you can give her that is going to \"fix\" how she's feeling about your relationship. I'm guessing that this isn't her only area of major anxiety, insecurity, and control issues. Your feelings of reluctance to indulge her about this is 100% correct. It's actually none of her business, and she needs to figure out how to be okay that you're a person, not her exclusive property. This is controlling behavior, and her insistence that she is owed this information is a red flag. ", "link_id": "t3_88sxsa", "time": 1522608046}}
{"dwln56t": {"text": "Glad that therapy is on the horizon. Talking things out with a neutral outside party really helped me to clarify my priorities. Writing things out also helped a lot, especially when I was doubting myself and whether the upheaval was worth it. In the meantime, you might want to read \"7 Principles for Making Marriage Work\"; if you want to work on your marriage (or at least improve the relationship you have with your co-parent) that's a great place to start. ", "link_id": "t3_88epdi", "time": 1522536702}}
{"dwl4eo6": {"text": "Why should you stay with a man who won't say I love you? He's afraid to tell you how he feels - either that he doesn't actually love you OR that he does, but is scared shitless that he does love you, is paralyzed by fear, and isn't going to go to a therapist to work on this serious relationship-ending issue. Not communicating to you which of these things it actually is is selfish - he wants you to stay, even when you should be let go. Either one of these options is pretty terrible for you, and is a break-up level issue. And for what it's worth, it is 100% possible to be touchy, feely, affectionate, and sweet with someone you don't love. ", "link_id": "t3_88jlme", "time": 1522515589}}
{"dwl3x75": {"text": "You can't be her therapist - and she desperately needs one. I think you need to take a step back from her for now. It was inappropriate for her to involve you so heavily in the details of her drama. You shouldn't be in the position of helping her \"rationalize\" everything. She's drowning in her current mess, but she has to face that on her own. Your relationship with her was a little mental vacation from her mess (completely understandable), but now she's got to go back to her life and actually end that relationship. I completely get that you want to help/save her, but you can't do that AND have a healthy, normal relationship with her. She's not in \"good working order\", and isn't going to be in a place to have a healthy, normal relationship until she sorts through her baggage from that abusive relationship. ", "link_id": "t3_88jv2f", "time": 1522515051}}
{"dwl3jlp": {"text": "You sure you want to be in this relationship? ", "link_id": "t3_88j7qw", "time": 1522514640}}
{"dwl1ozf": {"text": "You're not wrong for feeling irritated. You're thinking about him, worrying about his depression, trying to give him his space, etc. while he's chilling and playing video games. And you don't sense that he's thinking about you and your needs in quite the same way. Consider if that is typical of your relationship, or if this was just a one-off experience.My experience of a teenage-relationship evolving into a young adulthood-relationship was really, really bumpy. Make sure that you're being clear about what you want and expect, and don't feel like your preferences aren't as important as his. Your desire for contact isn't less important than his desire for space (or whatever it is he's doing right now). ", "link_id": "t3_88j7qw", "time": 1522512563}}
{"dwkzxsn": {"text": "You hit the eject button on that relationship. Honestly, I think you not-so-secretly wanted out of this relationship (understandably cause he sounds awful) and you said the exact thing that you knew you could never take back. Text him and tell him when/where you want to get your stuff back. Tell your sisters what's up, cause you're definitely not going to move in with this guy. ", "link_id": "t3_88j5jb", "time": 1522510563}}
{"dwkzson": {"text": "No need to read anything extra into this whole thing. You went out and had fun that night. Had some not-so-great hangover sex in the morning. You went home afterward. So go have a great weekend with your friends and do your own stuff. Hanging out all weekend is pretty intense, especially if he's kinda introverted and already has to deal with 2 birthday parties and a hangover. ", "link_id": "t3_88j5m4", "time": 1522510396}}
{"dwkzl43": {"text": "Uh, just call him? If he's your boyfriend for FIVE years why are you so afraid to just call him and ask what's up? Use your words. \"Hey babe, it feels weird when you don't text to check in like once a day. Can you please do that for me? Thanks!\" ", "link_id": "t3_88j7qw", "time": 1522510150}}
{"dwkzhaq": {"text": "Your mom is babying your sister WAY too much. There's no reason in the world for your mom to be that involved with your sister's job search, who your fiance hires for his business, or holding Easter hostage to get her own way. Feel free to invite your sister over to *your* place on Easter. Stop trying to appease your mom; it just ensures that she's going to keep trying to manipulate everybody. ", "link_id": "t3_88j87o", "time": 1522510027}}
{"dwky4e4": {"text": "Get your life in order so that you can support yourself and your son. Think about the routines and schedules that would make your life work as a single mom. Declutter and organize your stuff. Get your finances completely in order. Imagine a life without your husband, and realize there's good stuff there. Get a therapist for yourself so you can talk about the issues that all of this is bringing up.You can't make him stay. You don't want the husband you get when you MAKE him stay. Design a life for yourself that you love. Whether or not he's your partner. The life you're living now sounds really lonely. For what it's worth, I'm much happier separated. The dating world isn't dismal; there's a lot of fun to be had. There are people who WANT to talk with you and spend time with you. People who work on their mental health and deal with their issues productively. It's a world filled with people with passion and talent. It sounds like you marriage (like mine) is/was missing all of those things. ", "link_id": "t3_88epdi", "time": 1522508377}}
{"dwij21e": {"text": "Practice tests are the most useful. It takes a little while to get into the groove of how the questions are formatted. I ended up with great scores on the TEAS, and I think it's because I took a bunch of practice tests, and worked hard on the stuff that was challenging. Study hard in your prereqs, and if you struggle with the English/Reading stuff, start prepping for these sections early. ", "link_id": "t3_87oepw", "time": 1522382131}}
{"dw5q30r": {"text": "Yup. My mom's pretty foxy, though naive. It's hilarious how socially awkward/backwards the 55+ menfolk are on online dating sites. I love reading her messages, and she's had plenty of / type content. That generation of women is used to putting up with all sorts of bullshit that doesn't fly in 2018. Cynically, most of my involvement is because I know exactly what kind of psychopaths she picked for her first 3 husbands, so it's critical that I weed out the future ones if I possibly can. ", "link_id": "t3_86f9jy", "time": 1521811860}}
{"dw50zzf": {"text": "I helped my mom make hers, and she got more superlikes in one day than I got in like 2 months. Kinda disturbing. ", "link_id": "t3_86f9jy", "time": 1521770460}}
{"dw3ugqf": {"text": "Yes, you made the right decision. He sounds incredibly boring, which is clearly not what youre looking for in a partner. He sounds nice enough, but that's not ENOUGH. And thats okay. It doesn't matter what anybody else thinks about your compatibility, though. You think you're incompatible, and that's all that counts. ", "link_id": "t3_86aibb", "time": 1521730173}}
{"dvxy267": {"text": "I think you'd impress the most if you do simple foods (well) that are homey and comforting. Focus on being a good host, and spending time connecting with your guests. Think booze, music, candles/lighting, atmosphere, and your attitude --- all that stuff matters as much as the food. If you're tense and fighting with your spouse, it's gonna overshadow even the tastiest meal. Been there, done that. ;) That said, here's my go-to meals for hosting a family group:Spaghetti Carbonara. Simple, tasty, and not too fussy or like you're trying too hard to impress (but it usually does anyway). Lasagna is great, since you can have it made ahead of time, and throw it in the oven while you prep a nice salad and get everybody a big glass of wine. Things that slow-cook are great, since you can prep early in the day, and then spend time with your guests. Chili with homemade cornbread. BBQ pork. Chicken soup with a kick-ass, homemade stock. ", "link_id": "t3_85jf5p", "time": 1521471656}}
{"dvm11er": {"text": "Thank you so so much. I'm saving this. ", "link_id": "t3_83mbcs", "time": 1520910991}}
{"dvczbbt": {"text": "I'm with you on this, and had a similar experience. As much as I like the upsides of Freestyle, I found this downside to be really terrible for how I physically felt. My BFF still does weight watchers, and I've been trying other things. I felt like I was always hungry on Freestyle, and have been experimenting with low carb and keto. ", "link_id": "t3_82uor4", "time": 1520482790}}
{"dv51o0m": {"text": "Your boyfriend is absolutely part of your poor mental health situation right now. He's abusive. This is 100% something to get your therapist to help you with - you need to exit this relationship safely. Call your therapist right now and update them on what has happened. ", "link_id": "t3_81titx", "time": 1520117035}}
{"dv51gwa": {"text": "What's going on that you aren't dating more actively? \"Rarely\" meeting people is not going to get you what you want. Hoping for an accident is ridiculous. It sounds like you were possibly hoping that your dream life would just magically happen for you. If you want a partner, you're going to need to date some people. Hit the gym harder, and get cracking on your Tinder profile. Stop dating people that aren't interested in what you want, or are otherwise unsuitable. If having a family is a priority, then rearrange your life to reflect those priorities.", "link_id": "t3_81rb1f", "time": 1520116801}}
{"dv49t9t": {"text": "I think it comes down to highlighting what is unique about your sense of humor, your worldview, your experience, or what even just what you're looking for in a partne Truly, what makes you you? I realize that's a tall ask for a lot of people, because it requires that you take the time to think deeply on what might be uncomfortable subjects. However, knowing yourself is worth the effort, and will help you in about 1000 different ways. ", "link_id": "t3_81h5ie", "time": 1520081919}}
{"dv3qetw": {"text": "A couple of your sections were too bland and not helping anything. The first sentences of your music and movies are blah; just go straight to what you like most. Spice up the \"typical Friday night\" section with something more memorable or specific. Add some details or explanation of the 6 things you love. Consider rewriting the \"what I'm good at\" section to be more engaging. What exactly are you offering a date that makes you sound unique? Computer help and bike maintenance is a snooze-fest for most. Think of the photos as the parts of a beauty pageant. You need formalwear, active-wea (full body visible), one that makes you look smart/interesting, and one that showcases some sort of talent. Do you look like fun and attractive? That's your primary goal with the photos. ", "link_id": "t3_81h5ie", "time": 1520043809}}
{"duo4tbz": {"text": "Good for you! Your body is not the enemy, after all; its just doing the best it can to keep you alive. You have the power to change your lifestyle and improve your health, and you are actually doing that -- and that feels great. Choose to focus on that feeling of power and self-efficacy over feelings of shame and inadequacy. Self-confidence, self-knowledge, and self-acceptance is sexy.", "link_id": "t3_7zeyyv", "time": 1519331600}}
{"dujpy6w": {"text": "Me too! Category 3 is the worst. ", "link_id": "t3_7yt31b", "time": 1519143277}}
{"dujlxph": {"text": "You've got this! I would highly, highly recommend that you think about getting back into swimming laps for exercise. For one, you already know what youre doing, and two, it's going to be easier on your body as you get back into a serious exercise routine. Protect your knees; its been the thing I struggled with most going from ~235 to 190. ", "link_id": "t3_7yt8yt", "time": 1519139279}}
{"duemjei": {"text": "You gotta let go of those negative emotions and the shame that you have about your body. Those emotions are getting in your way to seeing the following two things clearly:1. What do you want?2. How are you going to go get it?Wake up every morning and ask yourself those 2 questions. Seek clarity in those two things, and you're halfway there. ", "link_id": "t3_7y5to6", "time": 1518903462}}
{"du7cwmt": {"text": "Nailed it. ", "link_id": "t3_7xap32", "time": 1518560967}}
{"du0gdef": {"text": "Photos: yikes. Only the one of you laughing is remotely fun. The rest are a bummer. Dress cute, do something fun outdoors, get some new photos. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518221484}}
{"du0eqt8": {"text": "I think the bio needs more work than the photos. Way too vague, and you ought to tighten up the language and make it more specific and punchy. Think about what God first, old soul, and music lover actually mean to you. Communicate *that*. I didn't get a sense of what you're looking for, despite the length. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518219563}}
{"du0eg62": {"text": "The bio is too self-depreciating. That doesn't go over well on Tinder. The last two photos aren't good - you look very short in the one with 3 people, and in the big group, you're the least animated one by far. Think about what you're selling. What's unique about you? You're reasonably good looking and fit, but there's not enough personality in the photos or bio yet. You can do better! Good luck :)", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518219223}}
{"dtyonz3": {"text": "Cute beach photo. But.... what are you actually looking for? Someone who is into fitness or ???? I think that's the challenge for your bio in particular. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518139796}}
{"dtyo4te": {"text": "The first pic is okay, but it seems a little off. Like the expression doesn't seem genuine? The other photos make it hard to tell what you look like, and don't really express anything in particular. Unfortunately, the bio is really bland and isn't going to get you matches. Most people say those exact same things, so you're not standing out. Getting some cute pictures in (and you're not a bad looking guy) is really going to help. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518139215}}
{"dtynv48": {"text": "I like the heartfelt one, but tighten it up a little:\"Lover of the outdoors, good music, human sciences, and all things food.Seeking a life of simplicity, positivity, and the adventure that comes with making real connections.Nothing is sexier than an intelligent, witty conversation with a down-to-earth individual.I can make your favorite dessert.\"I'd swipe right. And ask if you made cannolis. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518138921}}
{"dtynlzm": {"text": "The last pic is the most attractive. The other ones are pretty vanilla, and a tad dorky. You're basically wearing the same outfit in every photo. Show me some more range! You're cute, though, and lawyer + pilot has some real appeal (intelligence, perseverance, has a decent wardrobe, not broke). You can do better pics. I believe in you!", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518138639}}
{"dtyn10p": {"text": "You're adorable. Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518137985}}
{"dtymzs5": {"text": "A man playing an instrument passionately is sexy. Have someone take it while you're playing your favorite piece and you'll see a big difference. Think of the photo as an opportunity to show what you *do*, not just what you look like. Very few people are so good looking that it doesn't matter what else they are. If you think of online dating pics like a beauty pagent, it might help: formalwear, talent, has a unique viewpoint/experience/passion, and swimwear (or activewear, hiking, etc). ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518137945}}
{"dtxzdey": {"text": "Honestly, your nudes are currency in dating. Don't send them just cause some asshat asked for them. Male nudes are not equivalent in value, either. Operate on a points system: 1 orgasm = 1 point. They can request/purchase nudes through your points system. Raise your rates for bad behavior, such as unsolicited dick pics. Etc. Have fun!", "link_id": "t3_7vhzhz", "time": 1518115390}}
{"dtxytyl": {"text": "The last two photos are no good. The 2nd one is cutest. The first one is unflattering - you look a lot more fit in the 3rd vs. 1st. Mentions of \"easygoing\" and \"sarcasm\" are in waaaay too many profiles. Find another way to say that about yourself, or say if you're looking for that in a partner. Maybe you're easygoing, but love drama? No telling. Do cut the music thing down to something short like Music: Blink-182, Death Cab, BB King. Instead of interests find a way to describe yourself more specifically. That's all really general stuff. Most people say they like hiking, but it's better to show it in your photos. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518114946}}
{"dtxyggn": {"text": "nooooooo to the mirror selfies! You're cute -- just dress in clothing that suits your body, find good lighting, have a friend take a photo of you looking like a fun, normal human. I dig the guitar photo, even though it's blurry. Show action of some sort, it makes for a more interesting photo than just standing passively. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518114631}}
{"dtxy8pa": {"text": "Blue shirt photo and the shirtless photo are both meh. Better to not have them. You look good in the suit photo; something less blurry and cropped properly (get rid of the cars, for example) would be a nice 1st photo. I'd vote for more in button-ups and/or a suit; you look better in structured clothing. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518114448}}
{"dtxxy8x": {"text": "Cuter in the 3rd pic than the 1st, but it's just a face and and giant coat. You need more photos. Maybe one in a suit?", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518114211}}
{"dtxxq8g": {"text": "1, but tweak the color balance and brighten it up.", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518114024}}
{"dtxxmtw": {"text": "So, you're at wildly different weights in your photos. It is most important that you pick flattering ones of you at your *current* weight. Personally, I think you look better in the ones with shorter hair and the thicker beard. I don't want to be the jerk that says \"go to the gym, women are shallow, Tinder is all about looks, etc\" but there's a certain amount of truth to that. I date bigger guys, probably 50% of the time. Are you a bigger guy that takes care of himself, is actively improving his diet and fitness, and goes out and has fun, or are you a bigger guy that likes \"beer, cocktails, naps, and being lazy?\" I'm happy to date the first guy, but I'll pass on the second guy, you know? I'm guessing you want to BE the first guy, but are you taking steps to do that? I would make your bio shorter, more specific, and more unique. It's pretty vague as is, and doesn't project much personality. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518113943}}
{"dtxwycf": {"text": "They're all too close up. You're too cute to have such bad photos on your profile! Use a timer, and try to look at least a little bit happy. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518113381}}
{"dtxwu0a": {"text": "The car photo is no good. Car != personality. Cut that photo for sure.Cute dog is a keeper. The two photos of you look very different. If I were to swipe, am I going to go out with the scruffy cute dude, or the nerd in the black shirt? Also, I have no idea what is happening in photo 5. I recommend a good haircut and appt with the barber, then have a friend take some casual, relaxed photos of you. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518113284}}
{"dtxwjw2": {"text": "Unfortunately, your photos are boring and passive. You're a bigger guy, so you don't want to project the idea that you just sit on your couch drinking tequila and watching sports. I often date bigger guys, but you don't want to come across as lazy or a slob. Are you fun? Are you fun on a date? Are you fun in bed? These are things you need to show/project in your bio and photos. Right now, they don't. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518113056}}
{"dtxwapi": {"text": "Shorten the bio, and make sure you're not using vague generalities. Keep it specific and punch up the language a bit. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518112846}}
{"dtxw8be": {"text": "Terrible advice. She's cute, and there's nothing wrong with her. If anything, it shows that he's not so shallow that he refuses to be photographed with someone you might not find attractive. Ugh. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518112792}}
{"dtxw0eb": {"text": "3's the only picture I actually like; I think because you can see facial structure better. Maybe it was taken when OP was particularly fit? I'm positive you can do more like these. You might just not have a good feel for which photos you look good in, and what qualities they're projecting. Definitely, don't use that last one; teeth look strangely yellow stained. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518112607}}
{"dtxvr6p": {"text": "Agreed. Cute photos overall. The one of you at work is quite good. And the last one is adorable. Baseball one is just meh for me. You might want to make a distinction about the drinking thing - is it just that you don't drink, or you want to date someone who also doesn't drink? ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518112386}}
{"dtxvelz": {"text": "All three pics are really passive-looking. You need *something* going on in these photos. It's all a little too wholesome looking, and then the sexual reference in the profile is jarring. I'd advise that you give some thought to your own personal style and what you want to project. Who's style do you admire? What parts of your personality and life history is appealing, and that women will want to talk about?I'm not saying you have to cut your hair, but I honestly have a no long hair policy, and I think I'm not alone in this. It's often a sign a bad mental health, in my experience. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518112093}}
{"dtxuzrw": {"text": "I like the first 4 photos, and don't like the last 4. Honestly, something about the one in sandals in an artsy museum really threw me off. Bio could be spicier. Showcase what's unique about you. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518111741}}
{"dtxuq7v": {"text": "Cute photos, but I think you could do better. I think you look best in the button-fastening photo, but it's too blurry and the background is bad. Have a friend (preferably a woman) take a casual photo of you dressed up, and just relaxing. You look great in a suit; more of those. Skip photo 3 and 4, and the last one; they show your hobbies, but they're not the best at showing you. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518111513}}
{"dtxu5is": {"text": "Picture 1 on your profile isn't an appealing composition, it's too far away and too symmetrical. Best of the bunch, but you look uncomfortable. I think 4 &amp; 5 are redundant - pick just one; they're both too far away and it's hard to figure out which one you are. Kinda same thing for #2. Guitar photo is a good idea, but take one with a more flattering angle and all your clothes on. You're cuter than these pictures, I think. See if you can enlist the help of a friend who takes a lot of selfies; there are subtleties to finding a flattering angle and composition. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518111029}}
{"dtxts4s": {"text": "Think of the photos as the events in a beauty pageant - formalwear, swimwear, talent, and ability to answer a question and not sound like a moron. I don't think you're projecting what you want to project in a dating profile: fun on a date, fun in bed, won't embarrass me in public. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518110712}}
{"dtxtium": {"text": "Adorable. But you might want to find another \"me with a friend photo\" the angle makes him look enormous and you look tiny. Photo #7 isn't a flattering composition, so I'd skip that one entirely. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518110496}}
{"dtxtbrb": {"text": "I think your face looks best in the chain-mail one, but I think you gotta decide just how important the costume stuff is in your life. The question I have after reading through your profile is, \"Just how much of the time does this guy spend in a costume and playing with swords?\" That's going to be an issue for a good chunk of the population; however, if that's important to you, then you do you. Maybe make some sort of GOT-sex reference? The idea of having sex with Jon Snow is about 1000 times hotter than the idea of having sex with a LARPer. Market it right, and maybe you'll end up getting more swipes. ", "link_id": "t3_7vn6s5", "time": 1518110329}}
{"dtgr3k3": {"text": "One of the things that I feel like WW could do better is incentivize lower salt intake. I see huge weight swings based on my salt intake when I spend my points on fries and tortilla chips for a few days. Also weighing in one week when I'm dehydrated and then the next when I'm bloated definitely messes with my \"official\" weigh in numbers. I prefer to weigh daily, and just roll with the day to day swings. Take a look at the foods he's tracking. Is it reasonably healthy and varied? ", "link_id": "t3_7txuxq", "time": 1517322959}}
{"dtg7fxo": {"text": "It's a bit too easy to earn a lot of FitPoints. I earn 100+ a week, and there's no way I'd be losing weight eating those in addition to the weeklies. I find fasting is actually pretty helpful in terms of getting through my workout with loads of energy. ", "link_id": "t3_7r4fmf", "time": 1517286441}}
{"dtdkxmt": {"text": "Below 75% feels really low to me. Less than 60% is like aggressively low. If they message me at that low of  match percentage, then I know they didnt read my profile or questions at all. Sex and religion are actually important areas of compatibility to me. ", "link_id": "t3_7tj2qk", "time": 1517169230}}
{"dtcxo95": {"text": "I feel like I know you now. Hi friend! On one hand, that's a very long profile; on the other, I read the whole thing and didn't want to stab you. I'm in Austin, too, and so many bios of the tech dudes are just so dull. Yours is so so much better and filled with personality. Your Instagram photos were super cute too, and honestly kicked you up at least 15% in attractiveness for me. A grown ass man with a legitimately nice bedroom?  (It's in one of the IG shots) Holy shit, that's attractive as hell, I can't even tell you. But I'm old and dead inside, so YMMV.", "link_id": "t3_7tdl0r", "time": 1517132236}}
{"dtcx9qr": {"text": "He sounds tedious and self-centered. You're doing all the conversational and emotional labor for him; that's bullshit and unfair. I bet $20 he's selfish in bed too. ", "link_id": "t3_7tctf1", "time": 1517131215}}
{"dtcx5lt": {"text": "Are you fun? What kind of fun? That needs to be in the profile somewhere. The emphasis on the socially awkward stuff is off-putting. Unconventional and shy seems like a much more appealing way to communicate the same thing. Strengthen the language up a bit and own what you want/like/are. \"A night out is more fun than a night in.\" Take out the limbo stuff, it's not going to help attract that you want. Also cute pictures make a huge difference, so it's worth it 100% to enlist your best photographer buddy to help you out. ", "link_id": "t3_7tfu60", "time": 1517130932}}
{"dtcmmv2": {"text": "He's a hot mess with poor decision making skills, and who blames society for problems of his own making. Life is too short to spend it shackled to someone who isn't going after a better life for themselves and their kids. If he is struggling like this in his 40s, I don't think 50s are looking positive. ", "link_id": "t3_7tgazj", "time": 1517111168}}
{"dtcmexs": {"text": "Red flag. If your intuition is like, \"Tthats super weird and I'm uncomfortable\" then you need to pay attention to that. Something is off, even if you're not sure exactly what yet. I always regret ignoring little, weird things like this. ", "link_id": "t3_7tgds7", "time": 1517110862}}
{"dta50ko": {"text": "Actually, I've found myself with a similar issue. What I feel like I *should* be attracted to vs what I actually *am* attracted to. Forget about should. Think about what instinctively makes you go \"Yum!\". Go after that, and don't feel bad about it. Don't lower your standards; reassess your \"list.\"I'm big myself, and am working on weight loss and fitness. Don't assume that you know what someone else is into sexually based on their own appearance. I had some apprehension about dating this one guy that was really fit; guess what, he likes a big ass. Physically, you might not think we'd be SO into each other, but sexy is all in your head. ", "link_id": "t3_7t416u", "time": 1516988728}}
{"dt9xniq": {"text": "I'm happy for you that you have lovely sisters. In a way, you're lucky because you don't have the particular psychological damage of growing up with a narcissistic dad, but it has left you so so so vulnerable. He is dangerous to you; listen to the women who know him best and have tried to warn you. Don't let your intense desire to have a nice, normal father blind you to the fact that it is simply not possible to have a healthy relationship with that man. Protect your heart and your boundaries. ", "link_id": "t3_7t20h6", "time": 1516981654}}
{"dt9649t": {"text": "Are you fun on a date? Are you fun in bed? Spice up your profile. You sound thoughtful and intelligent, but if (hypothetically) the only things we have in common are dull and/or cerebral, then NOPE. ", "link_id": "t3_7svheo", "time": 1516935883}}
{"dt8vry2": {"text": "You seem like a nice dude. Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_7syen0", "time": 1516924236}}
{"dt8jyuw": {"text": "Surely YOU are not attracted to every single girl that other people find attractive. It's going to be the same thing for people finding you attractive, too. There's a massive variety in what people find attractive. It's not monolithic. If a girl isn't sure if she's going to like you back or message you, then your profile can make a difference. Yes, a profile matters. ", "link_id": "t3_7sz1hv", "time": 1516912728}}
{"dt8jicf": {"text": "DEFINITELY don't mention painting miniatures and playing Yugioh in your profile. Maybe even keep that shit under wraps for the first 3 dates. That's worse than an STD. ", "link_id": "t3_7sydns", "time": 1516912306}}
{"dt8j4jn": {"text": "I don't think it's terrible, but it doesn't jump out at me as is. Photos: Motorcycle photos as a first photo drive me nuts. In my head, I translate it to \"I view my motorcycle as the most important part of my personality.\" One motorcycle photo in the middle is fine, though. The Yosemite-snow angel photo is no good. Words: Your summary goes back and forth between list items and full sentences; just choose one. Try to simplify this section some, add in some white space, and make the language more varied. As is, it's sorta dense and dry. Only write about how much you read stuff just once; this shouldn't be in every section.The section on \"what I'm doing with my life\" is so very vague, I have no idea what you're actually doing with your life. Consider scrapping the \"what I'm good at section\" unless you're going to spice it up. The phrase \"brought to you by Life\" is so cringey. Try shortening the \"you should message me\" section by about half. ", "link_id": "t3_7syen0", "time": 1516911959}}
{"dt6602l": {"text": "Go for it. I just did it myself, in the midst of some serious personal life upheavals. Set your life/schedule up so that you have the hours and environment you need for studying. Eat well, meal prep, take your ass to the gym 4+ times a week. The academics are easier when the rest of your life (and your health) are on track. ", "link_id": "t3_7shoaz", "time": 1516810052}}
{"dt0irmj": {"text": "Dude, think hard about what you want and how you're going to get it. Having a chip on your shoulder about online dating is going to drive away the open-minded women you're hoping to attract. I'm guessing there are red (and yellow) flags in your photos and profile that you don't recognize as such. Link or message me your profile, and I'll tell you what I see. Yes, some women won't date a shorter guy, or a less conventionally attractive guy, but treating all women as a monolithic, status-driven group is sooooo unattractive. I'll date any ethnicity, any height, a variety of weights, educational levels, but what I'm going to avoid like the plague is entitlement and bitterness. ", "link_id": "t3_7rwtcz", "time": 1516550372}}
{"dsy6gvd": {"text": "You seem so nice! Just ask. She wouldn't be chatting with you if she wasn't at least considering meeting with you. She's probably fielding at least a few conversations at any given time; don't be the guy that hasn't asked her out yet. ", "link_id": "t3_7rmb2y", "time": 1516411773}}
{"dsy65lb": {"text": "I'm seeing odd capitalization and poor punctuation. Fix that first. I think you need to punch up the language. Use more interesting verbs. Give an example instead of a bland platitude. A lot of the statements are really vague, and not something someone is going to want to follow up on. \"I go through phases\" and \" I'm a thinker\" are so boring to read. Also avoid saying that you \"living life to the fullest\" or \"easygoing and laidback\" or \"like to make people laugh.\" I cringe every time I see those 3. Edited to add: You've got some stuff here and in your real profile that are red flags for a lot of women: short temper, not easy to get along with, drinks Mountain Dew (ewww), and DnD. I think you'll get much better results if you take ALL of that stuff out. Instead, you've got to find a way to answer these questions in an attractive manner: 1. Are you going to be fun on a date?2. Are you going to be fun in bed?3. Are you going to be an asshole, psycho, or stalker if/when the relationship ends?", "link_id": "t3_7rm6lx", "time": 1516411368}}
{"dsy5lgq": {"text": "You gotta at least get something on the calendar after a week. Two weeks with no ask would lead me to believe  you're either not single or not interested. ", "link_id": "t3_7rmb2y", "time": 1516410625}}
{"dsr1yc2": {"text": "I think it totally matters how fit the guy is in your scenario. Two chubby nerds together? Don't stress. He's a hardcore vegan cyclist yogi? Thats a different lifestyle.", "link_id": "t3_7qomkq", "time": 1516079619}}
{"dsqg5m5": {"text": "You nailed it. I can't believe a total stranger described my dating life so accurately. ", "link_id": "t3_7qlc3m", "time": 1516054553}}
{"dsqewey": {"text": "The phrase strikes me as creepy nonsense. It's really odd and inappropriate to say to a child, or having them repeat back. Super creepy. ", "link_id": "t3_7qeh9m", "time": 1516053312}}
{"dsqeh2c": {"text": "This is soooo familiar, and I'm sorry. I decided I had to divorce my husband to get out of the awful cycle. I felt like I couldn't relax or delegate any thing because I had an unreliable partner. No amount of therapy and chore charts fixed the fact he didn't want to do anything domestically useful at all. When we had a kid, I realized it was time I grew up, and he simply didn't. Therapy might help your husband hear your desperation, maybe, if he cares enough about your marriage to change his lifestyle. My life is simpler and easier now that my husband isn't around to mess up my house, and the custody schedule forces him to actually give me a break from the kids sometimes. He still calls me sometimes to complain about how hard it is to take care of the kids and do everything else. It's hard to have much compassion; he got the luxury of not having to grow up until he was well into his 30s. ", "link_id": "t3_7ql6mt", "time": 1516052902}}
{"dspvmpe": {"text": "I really liked those too!", "link_id": "t3_7qbl18", "time": 1516034709}}
{"dspvd1v": {"text": "I feel like this is where your activity level and FitPoints make a huge difference in my results. Holistically, I'm not going to do or feel well if I'm drinking half of my daily points, and eat junky stuff for the rest. I've learned the hard way, too. If I'm exercising hard daily, drinking at most half of my Fitpoints, and eating heartily with my daily points, then I lose weight and look great. So thats what I'm doing now, most days. YMMV. ", "link_id": "t3_7qk7f9", "time": 1516034430}}
{"dso0l8p": {"text": "Well, do you want to be part of a very religious family for the duration of your relationship? Are you comfortable being part of a collective group where you have very little decision-making power on the issues that are important to you? Are you comfortable with other people cherry-picking religious tenents as an explanation for these controlling decisions?Yeah, you are absolutely right to be concerned about them weighing in on all important (and unimportant) issues in the future. Do not bend. Your non-negotiables are not less important than theirs, just because they want to point to religion to justify it. ", "link_id": "t3_7qbz29", "time": 1515943435}}
{"dso08n7": {"text": "I think all this needs to be in the original post too. Are you divorced or separated? Either way, I'm not sure it actually matters because you can't stand him. He misses you, but you don't miss him. Keep your head high. Take good care of yourself and your kid. This will all blow over. You already know that John tends to talk shit about you to everyone, so maybe your mom just needs to visit to reassure herself that you've got things under control. You're an adult; your mom doesn't get a vote on whether or not you stay married. ", "link_id": "t3_7qc2zn", "time": 1515942944}}
{"dsnzqmr": {"text": "He's mean-spirited and treats you poorly. That's all you need to know. This was a dealbreaker long before he drunkenly humiliated you in front of friends. ", "link_id": "t3_7qc56j", "time": 1515942231}}
{"dsnzm2t": {"text": "She's not the right girlfriend for you. She wants ALL your attention, which just isn't possible (or attractive). I'm your age and dating, and I also have 2 kids. I consider it a big bonus when a guy already has a kid(s) and isn't looking to have more with me. I take parenting responsibilities seriously, and I couldn't date someone who didn't think that was a positive trait. Lots of women like/have kids -- go find one of those. ", "link_id": "t3_7qc5ml", "time": 1515942052}}
{"dsnzbhm": {"text": "Wow, you're right -- you have definitely been served a shit sandwich. You are in desperate need of some self-care. First stop is to make an appointment with a therapist to be able to talk and vent and think through the massive events that have happened to you. You say that you haven't stressed anyone with your anxiety and depression, just your girlfriend. You need a neutral outlet, and possibly some pharmaceutical help as you dig yourself out of this awful situation. You deserve support too. You are more than just support to the other people in your life. Secondly, I think you need to realize that the events of the last two years have changed both you and your girlfriend a lot. Cancer happened before you could know whether or not you would stay together forever, and it complicated everything. It's possible that it's changed both of you too much to stay together. I think she probably (definitely) needs therapy to help her process the scary changes she's been in too, and most couples could use help with communication when times are stressful and hard. But you can't/shouldn't force her to do anything; all you can do is to start your own process towards taking care of yourself and your own mental health. ", "link_id": "t3_7qc5ub", "time": 1515941612}}
{"dsnyrv5": {"text": "1. You make an appointment for a consultation with a divorce lawyer.2. Get copies of all your bank statements and credit card statements.3. Get detailed copies of all of the cell phone bills. 4. You need to get your hands on roughly 5k for the lawyer's retainer. 5. Change your passwords. I'm really sorry. I'm going through something similar. Divorcing isn't fun, but it's a lot better than being married to a scumbag. ", "link_id": "t3_7q7m0j", "time": 1515940745}}
{"dsnvo8d": {"text": "Let's say I'm looking at your profile, hypothetically. A good attitude that comes across in the photos and writing matters a lot, because *that's* what you're bringing to a potential relationship. It's 2018, and I'm assuming you are trying to date someone with their own job, car, money, and interests? I'm not driving your car, going to your job, spending your money, or retroactively going on the cool vacations in your photos. Money and youth aren't a constant, but a good attitude and good judgement is worth more. First off, it's a gut check when looking at the photos: \"Is this person attractive enough that I'd sleep with him?\" If no, pass immediately. Being short is fine. Being tubby isn't a dealbreaker. I really don't think women have unrealistically high bars on this. (There is not a penis shortage, and women start fending off offers for sex at a shockingly early age.) Photos that make me laugh, or tick the boxes of traits that I specifically am attracted to make it more likely that I'll like or respond to a message. Weird facial hair, LARPing, signs of annoying hobbies are an immediate pass. Second: check profile. Is this dude a psycho? Does he sound bitter or entitled? Does he spend his free time in valuable ways? Does their idea of fun match up with mine? Can I get through the whole profile without rolling my eyes at the pretentiousness? If yes, then like/respond. If the profile is unusual enough, I might send a message with a question. Attitude is everything. ", "link_id": "t3_7q7t2l", "time": 1515934813}}
{"dsnj4v0": {"text": "Tubby ladies get fat shamed by fat dudes too. You come across as slightly misogynistic in your writing; that could be part of the problem with your profile as well. ", "link_id": "t3_7q9kz3", "time": 1515905767}}
{"dsnio86": {"text": "It's cause fat women are treated poorly in the dating world. Its confidence-shredding. Many have just opted out to avoid the bullshit. Tubby dudes don't have nearly the amount of social pressure that tubby ladies do. ", "link_id": "t3_7q9kz3", "time": 1515905109}}
{"dsniaqo": {"text": "For whatever reason, the online dating world has even more exaggerated gender dynamics than the real world re: the pursued &amp; the pursuer. If you like a women's profile, you're going to need to message her. You can choose to be mad and lonely. Or you can decide what you want and make a plan for how you're going to go out and get it. And for what it's worth from someone who dates guys in your general demographic category, how women evaluate height/weight/hotness isn't monolithic. It depends more on attitude than I think you realize. ", "link_id": "t3_7q7t2l", "time": 1515904606}}
{"dsn457v": {"text": "Nothing ventured, nothing gained. If you're not ready and willing to get a little dinged up in the dating process, you're not ready to date. ", "link_id": "t3_7q89m2", "time": 1515887759}}
{"dsn411z": {"text": "Yes. You're a guy. Why would you expect to get messages? ", "link_id": "t3_7q7t2l", "time": 1515887627}}
{"dsn2z5s": {"text": "I don't see a giant difference in how I use OKC before and after the changes (as a female). Swipe a little, read through messages, consider messaging someone I have a mutual like with, but then bail halfway through. ", "link_id": "t3_7q6xrg", "time": 1515886397}}
{"dsn2g8x": {"text": "A dude wore socks with sandals to a bar. ", "link_id": "t3_7q6ghm", "time": 1515885779}}
{"dsmhtpc": {"text": "Great name. Makes me think of Nina Simone, which is a really cool namesake. ", "link_id": "t3_7q3djo", "time": 1515862338}}
{"dslp9l0": {"text": "Yeah, totally. I've had 2 kids naturally and am pretty good with pain. Just had the ParaGard put in last week. The insertion itself wasn't the bad part; it was the cramping afterward that was awful. As bad as my worst period ever, and it was off and on for 3 days. BUT it's still a lot better than having another kid. And cheaper. ", "link_id": "t3_7pxpnr", "time": 1515809782}}
{"dsh7bxw": {"text": "I'm curious what you feel are the reasons for your poor grades and TEAS performance? Is it something definable and fixable? What are you going to be able to do to so an admissions committee agrees that you're a good bet for finishing their program? What are your strengths as a student and a student nurse? I think you've got to give that some thought before spending more time and money on this particular career path. ", "link_id": "t3_7peznt", "time": 1515606692}}
{"dsadp7w": {"text": "Why on earth are you feeling bad about this? You told the truth. Apparently, not even the whole truth. He throws you and your coworkers under the bus for his mistakes, and everybody covers for him? He earned his firing, you didn't make it happen. ", "link_id": "t3_7okz35", "time": 1515270145}}
{"dsac2rm": {"text": "One thing that you may not be seeing in your own photos or on the scale is how much your posture has improved between these two pics. The muscle you build is literally supporting your body more efficiently. I bet you feel physically better at the end of a hard day now than before. I feel a difference in my knees and back, for sure. ", "link_id": "t3_7okc90", "time": 1515268194}}
{"ds4m7jy": {"text": "Mom to mom, I'm telling you that counselling helped me deal with so many of the things I've been wrestling with as a parent. It's important to vent this stuff appropriately, especially when you're dealing with issues that the vast majority of people are really uninformed about. The last thing you need is to be pouring your heart out, when someone brings up f*ing vaccines or institutionalization. Your MIL is not a safe space for you to talk about this stuff, so keep her on an information diet. We are all struggling with something. You're not alone. But you can't dump all of this on a spouse (who is also struggling) or even a BFF, its just too much for one person. My older kid isn't typical either, and while it's a mix of good and bad, it feels impossible to share it appropriately sometimes. And then there's the guilt that I dont parent both of my kids the same, but they're different, and have different needs.... blah, blah, blah. You absolutely NEED to process all of this that you're going through. Other parents in the same program of your daughter are probably having similar challenges. Find out if there's a support group or resource for the families. But get into counselling ASAP because you deserve that outlet, and your daughter needs you mentally well to be her best advocate. Hugs to you.", "link_id": "t3_7nptur", "time": 1514989018}}
{"ds1t4ec": {"text": "The six pack is not the problem, and you know it. ", "link_id": "t3_7ncugb", "time": 1514840118}}
{"drwnkxe": {"text": "I'm sorry for what you're going through right now. I recognize the dynamic you've described as a someone with major codependent-issues plus herabusive spouse. I don't know your family history, but I'd guess that this isn't the first romantic relationship she's had with a use I'd put 50/50 odds on your mom being the child of an alcoholic. What to do about all this is trickier. I've watched my mom pair up with asshole after asshole. It wasn't until I faced my own issues with codependency that I realized why that seemed so normal. It's what all the women in my family do. I left my own lazy-ass husband, and am determined to find a healthier dynamic for my household. That bullshit stops with this generation. ", "link_id": "t3_7msbqh", "time": 1514552979}}
{"drv8i08": {"text": "That isn't a compliment he gave you - it's an insult. What he's actually saying is that only someone who loves you will think you're pretty. Fuck that noise.There isn't a penis shortage out there in the world, you know. Try a dating app for like 2 weeks and you'll be astounded. I dare you to only upload photos without makeup. You'll see. Your BF insulting you is all about making sure you don't know your true value vs. his; because if you did, then you'd dump him and upgrade. ", "link_id": "t3_7mkab7", "time": 1514479053}}
{"drrcl76": {"text": "I love you both so much right now", "link_id": "t3_7m3opo", "time": 1514250612}}
{"dro1hon": {"text": "You don't have to BE or DO anything in particular. Try to enjoy the energy of starting a new relationship/flirtation. Keep the conversation moving by asking her about herself and offering up something about yourself as well. Conversation is just like ping pong, so make sure to return the serve. It gets easier with practice, I promise. Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_7lofls", "time": 1514051721}}
{"drdts9d": {"text": "Well, it sounds like you don't have much interest or confidence in your science-learning ability. That's going to be a huge problem. You both need to take lots of science classes and understand why the things that you're doing as a nurse are logical and backed by science. ", "link_id": "t3_7kdraf", "time": 1513534695}}
{"drclucy": {"text": "No big deal. Leave yourself some time to decompress in between dates. You're getting a lot of rude comments, but these both seem like new relationships with absolutely zero comittments made or sex had. I think you're morally in the clear. ", "link_id": "t3_7k33j8", "time": 1513460752}}
{"drckbda": {"text": "I totally agree with the \"pretending\" advice. Overall, good profile. For photos, I think they show personality, which is excellent. One thing they don't really show is what you'd look like on a typical date. Camping, hiking, travelling tends to be ungroomed and casual. What do you look like when you're trying to look nice? ", "link_id": "t3_7k53hc", "time": 1513458811}}
{"dr7cv9s": {"text": "Yeah, that's pretty much the best.", "link_id": "t3_7jlf7j", "time": 1513195594}}
{"dr5qfo9": {"text": "It sounds like at work you have to be really focused, which means you're not going to be as chatty as the people doing a different type of job. I think that maintaining a reputation as a hard worker and a team-player is in your best interest long-term. Are the negative comments anything that you need to address or change? You can certainly make it a point to greet or say goodbye to coworkers, but it doesn't sound like your manager is asking you to change anything. ", "link_id": "t3_7jejt9", "time": 1513118568}}
{"dr5q42t": {"text": "Demanding congratulations via social media is strange and off-putting. Maybe he wasn't really a friend before, but I don't think he's going to want to be your friend much longer after receiving your passive-aggressive message. ", "link_id": "t3_7jejyw", "time": 1513118222}}
{"dr30nbv": {"text": "Depending on how common your last name is, you might consider using the more unusual combinations. I have a Henry as well, and I went with Henry Francis [Verycommonlastname]. ", "link_id": "t3_7izgrs", "time": 1512997964}}
{"dr1m4qc": {"text": "I think I value good judgment significantly more now that I'm in my 30s. I've got no space in my life anymore for people who are irresponsible and there's a risk that they're going to mess my life up. ", "link_id": "t3_7ius4a", "time": 1512927618}}
{"dr1lvth": {"text": "I feel like it's something you can/should bring up organically during the basic \"What is your life like?\" type of conversation. I personally want to know what their goal is for dating beforehand, so I generally ask in one way or another. I don't have a ton of nights that I can go out, and I'd hate to \"waste\" it on someone who wants a completely different kind of relationship. ", "link_id": "t3_7iu71c", "time": 1512927338}}
{"dr0ucpv": {"text": "It's an interesting idea. I wonder what could be done to incentivize that? I will say though, the average lady-profile I see browsing around tends to read as more easy-going, more specific and less jaded-sounding than the average dude's profile. ", "link_id": "t3_7in4km", "time": 1512874998}}
{"dr06r1g": {"text": "I think one effect of this will be to nudge dudes into building more compelling profiles. I don't mind the unsolicited messages, so long as they are from a person who has actually put some work into their profile. I feel like for my purposes, the better profiles is why I prefer OKC over the other apps that are more photo-centric. ", "link_id": "t3_7in4km", "time": 1512844149}}
{"dqzub50": {"text": "If you've got a reasonably functional family that doesn't have estrangements, then I can understand why this would both you so much. Your BF's mom doesn't like you as a stereotype, and she's not interested in being close to you. Her bad behavior towards you is toxic to the relationship with her son. At some point, he's going to have to choose his mom or his partner. The fact that he packed up and went to the hotel with you indicated he's going to ultimately choose the partner. In dysfunctional families, sometimes you've got to cut ties or go low-contact for your own health and sanity. If that's new to you, you're going to have to protect yourself from her bad decisions, general bad attitude, and endless neediness. Maybe pop over to / ?", "link_id": "t3_7ifi8k", "time": 1512826660}}
{"dqz4mcx": {"text": "The profile isn't bad, but do give the narrative of it some more thought. Spend some more time reflecting on who you are and what you want; I truly think that helps. Keep tweaking it, considering how you want to present yourself to the specific type of lady you're looking for. The pictures have got to be upgraded, ASAP. There are a LOT of guys that sound similar on their profiles, and so be sure show your personality in the photos as well. Again with the photos, think about what you want to present and how the photos you've chosen reflect that. ", "link_id": "t3_7ih0zm", "time": 1512777447}}
{"dqz3mrf": {"text": "I think you can try to be more straight-forward, literal, and honest than you might be otherwise. You can assume that many of the subtleties of flirting will be lost. I think this is just the beginning of other hurdles where he's not in tune with you, though. Are you willing to be that direct and up-front with EVERYTHING? Personally, I find it exhausting and prefer to date someone more self-assured or at least in sync with me. ", "link_id": "t3_7ii0hv", "time": 1512776189}}
{"dqswf0d": {"text": "Think of it like a game of ping pong. If she doesn't return the ball, then she's not interested in playing. ", "link_id": "t3_7hq8zb", "time": 1512486781}}
{"dqq8728": {"text": "Hi, I'm an older student as well. Remember that you DID gain lots of skills in the last 10 years of your life that will be useful to you next semester, and hopefully, those skills include time management and efficiently doing online research. Get organized. STAY ORGANIZED. It's honestly been the difference between struggling and getting some momentum going. To a certain extent, your #1 priority is to figure out the \"game\" of what you will be tested on and how the grading works. Yes, you need to know the material, but make sure you use your time on the stuff that will pay off with grades. One mistake I've learned from is prioritizing the rubric over everything else; you can write a seriously excellent paper, but if it doesn't follow the rubric that the grader is using, you may as well have turned in an awful and unintelligible piece of garbage. I'm still a little salty about getting an A instead of an A+ in Anatomy, and I won't be making that mistake next semester. ", "link_id": "t3_7hbu6k", "time": 1512350651}}
{"dqpdu44": {"text": "I was flummoxed by this question too. Who is answering yes? I'm plus-sized and have had 2 kids, but that's never been a mental block on sexy times. ", "link_id": "t3_7hafpa", "time": 1512317662}}
{"dqol012": {"text": "You're not unattractive, but it seems like you're having trouble getting a few photos that show you in decent lighting, photo composition, resolution, etc. I'd take a day, dress in something you really like, and have a photographer-buddy get something casual but cool. You can do better", "link_id": "t3_7g405l", "time": 1512265829}}
{"dqj1iy6": {"text": "Relationships with siblings can really really tough, whether you're on the spectrum or not. It can help a lot if you show interest in their hobbies, especially with younger siblings. It sounds like you're a big fan of board games, and could expand your social life by joining up with a local board game meetup group. It sounds like your parents would be supportive of you making some new friends who share your interests. I definitely recommend that you put that extra social energy you have towards expanding your social world. Best of luck to you! ", "link_id": "t3_7gd79g", "time": 1511993407}}
{"dqi879l": {"text": "Hi, you sound like a great sibling. I hope I can help explain in a way that is useful for you. The concept that you mom is trying to explain is about balance in relationships. Both people put in time, effort, thoughtfulness, and also devote resources (like money or transportation) to spending time with the other person. It's acceptable to put in a little more of these things than the other person (~10%), but there's a negative effect when one of the people starts putting in a lot more than the other (&gt;20%). It will be interpreted as overwhelming and out of sync with what the other person wants from the relationship. By overwhelming the other person with money or attention, they will want to retreat from the relationship. This is an important concept in romantic relationships too. If what you want is to build a closer relationship or show that you care, keep it around +10% effort/intensity.", "link_id": "t3_7gd79g", "time": 1511965034}}
{"dqev2cg": {"text": "You sure about that dynamic? The over-the-top favoritism for your brother's family is toxic. Do you usually have to work harder for her approval than he does? Just something to consider, that sounded eerily familiar. ", "link_id": "t3_7fwg1d", "time": 1511803254}}
{"dpu5xhk": {"text": "For a long time, I kept thinking if I could just make the perfect chore chart, asked the right way, made the best to do list ever, etc. then my husband would finally \"get it.\" He never did, and we separated. The laziness/entitlement killed every tiny ember of romance. Even my toddler knows to pick up after himself and throw away his garbage. My ex still doesn't get it, and his apartment is so gross. Your husband is being willfilly ignorant at this point, and counting on you not to drop any important balls (so that he can). You already know that if he can organize his professional life enough to get a PhD, he can make his own chart. He is taking advantage of you and seems perfectly happy to force you to work harder than he does. You get to decide how long you're willing to put up with that BS.", "link_id": "t3_7cvmye", "time": 1510712468}}
{"dprfu4t": {"text": "I had my son paint a scene on a piece of blue foam board, and then I attached that to the back of the tank. Crabs can be boring, but he likes doing projects like that for them. ", "link_id": "t3_7bqrke", "time": 1510594810}}
{"dprfof1": {"text": "Just try to be patient, though I know that's tough to do. The crabs need underground time to rebound from the stress of getting to your tank. They'll be healthier, happier, and maybe even bigger the next time they pop up. ", "link_id": "t3_7byjwb", "time": 1510594659}}
{"dprf18h": {"text": "As I'm browsing my subscribed sub-Reddits, I come across something from GetStudying. It'll sometimes motivate me to quit messing around and actually get back to studying. Like right now!", "link_id": "t3_7cnyrr", "time": 1510594033}}
{"dpresl6": {"text": "I'm separated from and on my way to divorcing my husband for similar reasons. I completely understand that one more conversation about sunscreen and smoking seems unbearable at this point. That's how I felt about constantly trying to \"fix\" my husband's depression and substance abuse. He still annoys the shit out of me, but I don't have to see or accept most of the consequences of his constant poor decision making. Your husband is clearly showing you that he doesn't intend to change, so you've get to decide what you're willing to live with. ", "link_id": "t3_7cjux8", "time": 1510593803}}
{"dpr3nvp": {"text": "It might be possible to do 2 out of those 3 things. (Kid, job, school) I think you might be underestimating how exhausting and time consuming having a young baby is going to be for your family. I have to get good quality sleep to learn and retain information, and I simply don't sleep that well until my kids were about 18 months old. I'd recommend that you try to write out a schedule and see your time commitments. I'm feeling like it's definitely going to be tough on me to do an ABSN plus get quality parenting time in with my kids. I don't worry about the academics at all, but I know that the logistics of having kids to feed, dress, drive to daycare, etc. is really time consuming. ", "link_id": "t3_7cmr24", "time": 1510581195}}
{"dplmt13": {"text": "There are lots of great videos on YouTube he can check out. I love watching music videos with ASL interpretations. He might also be interested in Signing Time, and Signing Time Sentences. My kids are younger, but they love Signing Time. Classes would be great, but since he's really excited right now, I'd get him set up with some digital resources right away. ", "link_id": "t3_7bxiu0", "time": 1510277334}}
{"dpjv7rh": {"text": "I would suggest a big group project with a theme, maybe \"transportation\" and have all the kids contribute in their own ways. I loved homeschooling PreK. :) building, reading, art, pretending, outdoor play, repeat", "link_id": "t3_7bivuy", "time": 1510189413}}
{"dpgkgzi": {"text": "Could be an auditory processing issue, rather than hearing loss. Just to throw out another possibility to consider. Knowing more about it has helped me advocate for myself more effectively, and stop feeling so embarrassed or ashamed. You're not alone :)", "link_id": "t3_7ba0ll", "time": 1510027731}}
{"dpfc5sh": {"text": "Hi, and yes. Making coffee in the morning is a self-care ritual for me. After I had my 2nd kid, I needed something in the crazy morning rush that wasn't all about serving the very needy tiny people in my household. So my pourover time is like my mini-meditiation, and the results are extra-tasty.And I have the fancy beans FedEx'ed to my house so I'm never out of the good stuff. Highly recommend that. ", "link_id": "t3_7b2fsg", "time": 1509979311}}
{"dpcb52y": {"text": "Hi, I've been in a very similar position and know the frustration. So many parallels, down to the tech industry salary and history of abuse in my family. Living in such an unbalanced household is exactly as you said - \"exhausting and dehumanizing\". It's insidious, and got worse over time, especially after kids were added to the equation. Some couples can fix this dynamic by having honest conversations about the actual workload, the \"hidden\" domestic labor that women often do, balancing chores respectfully, etc. It sounds like you've done some of that already, but it hasn't helped. I see some red flags that point towards this not being just the regular \"who does what\" argument that can be fixed with better communication.As for my marriage, we went to many months of therapy, but we recently separated. He simply didn't want to change, didn't believe that he could, or even that he should have to. From his perspective, our relationship was working fine, and the real problem was my attitude about the imbalance. In the end, I couldn't see any way out of my codependent relationship other than ending it. Whenever my husband would drop the ball on something, I'd pick it up. He'd procrastinate too long, or overspend on the budget, and then I'd figure out how to fix it, and do whatever it took to prevent that particular crisis again. This happened over and over again, until I was juggling all the balls, and he only did exactly the tasks and chores he felt like doing. No amount of clearly asking for help, communicating my needs, working on a budget together, making up chore charts, or other pragmatic approaches helped. We'd have a rational discussion about it, but the behavior never changed. I thought that if I could just figure out the right way to ask him to do his share, then he would. We were reasonable adults, after all, so there must be some misunderstanding, right? For a long time, it was this puzzle that I kept trying to solve, and if I could just create the perfect chore chart and schedule, then things would be better, and I wouldn't loathe his laziness and entitlement. The resentment built until it was so toxic that we were past the point of rekindling. How could someone who truly loved me treat me like their bang-maid? I let it go on far too long. He's got his own issues to work on that led to his end of our dynamic, but so long as I was taking care of everything for him, he never had to. In my struggle with this, I have had to address the fact that I have some very strong codependent tendencies. I had to face some unpleasant stuff from my childhood, and realize that I've been copying some very destructive coping behaviors from my role models. If you have alcoholics and/or narcissists in your family, consider that your coping mechanisms from dealing with them are probably not helping you in your current relationship.", "link_id": "t3_7aqmsy", "time": 1509816638}}
{"dpc8lkr": {"text": "She was sobbing after a long phone call from her family. He was present for the whole call, according to OP. His reaction to her making noise was completely inappropriate. ", "link_id": "t3_7aq9uw", "time": 1509813628}}
{"dpc8fax": {"text": "Definitely, block him. His contact with you is an example of his poor impulse control. For example, what is he offering you when he calls? He's not saying, \"Thank you so much for trying to help me when we were together. I'm sober now, and working on building a healthy life for myself.\" What he is doing is feeling sorry for himself, trying to guilt-trip you, and dragging you back into his alcohol-fueled drama. Prioritize your own mental and emotional health instead. ", "link_id": "t3_7aov82", "time": 1509813418}}
{"dpc7ws4": {"text": "My heart goes out to you because you've been through a lot in this relationship, and it sounds like you don't have much local support. This guy and this relationship with him doesn't have a happy ending. Make it a requirement for future relationships that the potential partner is in relatively \"good working order.\" This guy, so so so clearly, is not. No amount of love and care from you is going to fix this guy's deeply seated emotional issues. He has to want to fix his issues and needs to seek appropriate help (not from his emotional punching bag ex-girlfriend). Work on addressing your own needs and issues. You can get to a place where you see these red flags for what they are, and then have the emotional IQ to \"NOPE\" right out of there.", "link_id": "t3_7ard8v", "time": 1509812784}}
{"dpc5dnu": {"text": "I don't think it's a coincidence that your fiance is impatient with [your] feelings, and you also have trouble expressing them. In this incident, he did everything he could to communicate to you that your feelings weren't welcome or warranted. You had an understandably emotional reaction to a major family health issue, and he kept bringing it back to the noise from a few seconds of you RUNNING FOR YOUR MEDS. That's messed up. Please consider that marrying this particular man is going to harmful to you working on your issues around communication and feelings. Staying in this relationship is probably going to make you want to bury those feelings even deeper. I'm sorry. ", "link_id": "t3_7aq9uw", "time": 1509809545}}
{"dopyezf": {"text": "I don't think you're wrong at all. He violated your privacy. He doesn't seem to think you have the right to privacy for things like this, either. I think that's particularly troubling since as you stated, you have a hard time trusting and opening up about your emotions. I think he's proven that you actually *can't* trust him. Just a little advice from someone who also has trouble trusting people - usually we've had some bad stuff go down in our childhoods. I learned to keep my emotions at a distance to protect myself. If you've learned that you can't trust the people who are supposed to love you the most in the world, that messes with your ability to trust the people you love. You may also have learned (and tried to fight) that little voice inside you that tells you someone can't be trusted. At the very least, you should trust yourself and that tiny, quiet voice. I wasn't in a great place at age 20 either, but I promise you that it gets better, if you're willing to do the work to make your life better. ", "link_id": "t3_77y5oz", "time": 1508679375}}
{"doo051w": {"text": "I think it's time you took the lead on finances again. Frame it as it's your turn, and you want to try some new stuff you've read about. Honestly, he's clearly half-assing it, and it is stressing you out because you have a lower risk tolerance than he does. I've been there, and taking over the finances was one of the smartest things I've ever done. My anxiety went way down when I knew exactly how much emergency fund we had, how long it would last, and made sure that we were adding to it every month. I'd highly recommend that you get started with \"You Need a Budget\" (YNAB). But first, sit down with a glass of wine and talk to each other. Talk about your goals personal and joint, both short-term and long-term. Make sure you really understand what's important to him, and tell him why home ownership is such a big deal to you. Getting on the same page with goals is key. Okay, so next you sit down with YNAB, watch all the workshops, and get to work on your budget. He can help or not at this stage, but I'm guessing he will pass. Make sure that your monthly budget is very clearly helping you work towards those goals you both discussed, and is especially clear in the areas that are important to him. Go over the whole thing, and find some areas to change based on his input (so it's both of yours, not just your budget). I'm like you, and prefer to save up my fun money for big awesome purchases. My husband would blow his on stupid shit. BUT it's very very important that you keep your mouth shut about how he spends his fun/junk food money. It's special, and you don't have to justify it at all. You can spend all of it on gummy bears if you want. It's freeing, and the \"fun money\" category works great if each person is making sure that they're not spending more than they're entitled to spend. I've been through this processes several times, and it'll work short-term with most people. Long-term requires that you're dealing with someone with impulse control and who keeps their promises. Hopefully, your husband is more mature than mine and actually wants to change his behavior. I'm all too familiar with the endless justifications for impulsive behavior, and actually the really bad/aggressive driving skills as well. Take care of yourself, and make sure that you have a nice, fat emergency fund. ", "link_id": "t3_77plc5", "time": 1508553324}}
{"donapfp": {"text": "Hey, I've been in a similar dynamic, and it sucks so much. Please, please, please start going to individual therapy to help you unravel some of the things that have gotten you stuck into this awful dynamic. Therapy didn't help my husband change, but it helped me sort through my buried emotional mess so that I could change my own situation. You're married to someone who treats you awfully, and is instigating big fights for her own reasons. It's not about how you do the dishes or how you clean the kitchen; that's just the excuse for the fight that was coming anyway. She clearly needs help, but you can't fix that. The more you try to fix it, change for her, and adapt to her whims so that she can finally be happy, then things will just get worse. Concentrate on your escape plan and your own self-care. ", "link_id": "t3_77m0xa", "time": 1508522025}}
{"dokg9yy": {"text": "Yeah, I'm sorry to hear that. It sounded familiar to me because I'm about 15+ years farther down that particular road, and it's not fun at all to be married to. I think that type of neediness may be a flag for oncoming depression. For some people, that might be an okay quality in a partner, but it sounds like it's not attractive to you. Please listen to that little voice inside you that says this isn't the relationship you want. ", "link_id": "t3_7766kk", "time": 1508375670}}
{"dojtazm": {"text": "It's okay if you want to break up with this guy, even if you can't quite define the problem. It sounds like he doesn't really know who he is yet, or what's important to him. For me, that's a dealbreaker. A strong sense of self is a really attractive quality.You wrote that \"his passion was one of the factors....\" but that he doesn't have an opinion on anything. I'm trying to read between the lines here, but is he only passionate about your hobbies, and doesn't have much going on that isn't centered on you?", "link_id": "t3_7766kk", "time": 1508350719}}
{"do7hppx": {"text": "There's also a lot more women out there who are miserable because their lazy partner doesn't pull their weight in terms of cooking, cleaning, taking care of kids, and the mental work of being an adult. OP, I think you're parents are mostly right. You like this guy, but he doesn't have his shit together. Let me gently encourage you to find someone who does, and let this guy finish growing up. Dating a man-child is fine for awhile, but it's not a long-term plan for happiness. ", "link_id": "t3_75n11j", "time": 1507704123}}
{"do1tgth": {"text": "I have auditory processing issues, and I find knowing some ASL incredibly useful. I'd highly recommend it. Personally, I have a really hard time understanding people who don't articulate well - like little kids. Teaching my babies/toddlers to sign has made my life so much easier. I can understand them more easily when they sign (vs. just toddler gibberish), and they can communicate in sign long before they can speak. I can't imagine going years struggling to understand what my kid is trying to say. We also tend to sign more in loud environments when my hearing issues tend to be worse. ", "link_id": "t3_74wjft", "time": 1507411452}}
{"do1rlby": {"text": "Yup, nice choice. Love that Harold is easy to say, spell, and has meaning to your family. ", "link_id": "t3_74wghh", "time": 1507408979}}
{"dnfge63": {"text": "I have a tiny toy shovel that I just scoop out the moldy bits with. I'll need to add more sand and fiber eventually, but there's no way to completely remove all mold spores from the tank. ", "link_id": "t3_71zina", "time": 1506231912}}
{"dnffm30": {"text": "My high-needs baby ended up being a high-needs kid. Its easier to see the big picture now that he is a little bit older (turning 6).It got better gradually, and I got much better at weathering the storm without taking it personally. He finally slept through the night around age 4. He still sleeps less than other kids, and needs a ton of time for exercise and interaction. He has a \"difficult\" temperament and is highly gifted as well. He spends all his time at emotional extremes: boisterous or despondent. It's alternatively frustrating and delightful to be his parent. My younger son is so so so so easy in comparison, though still very energetic and bright. The transition to daycare and school for each kid was a vastly different experience. Temperament just plays such a big role in how easily a kid adapts to a new routine and comes to trust new caregivers.If it feels hard, it's because parenting a kiddo with a difficult temperament IS actually harder. Things that work just fine for other families with easy going kids aren't always going to work when you're dealing with a tougher audience. My best advice is to to make peace with the reality that you have to parent the kid you have, not the one you thought you would have. :) ", "link_id": "t3_722gum", "time": 1506230327}}
{"dmw0yft": {"text": "I moved our family of 4 into an apartment less than half the size of our old house. Some things have been harder than others. I've found it helpful to remind myself to be ruthless when it comes to decluttering. If you don't like it or don't use it, toss it or donate it immediately.  Make sure the outflow of stuff matches (or exceeds) the inflow of stuff to your house. Kids attract random stuff and gifts like crazy, so if you ignore it, you'll be overrun quickly. ", "link_id": "t3_6zhvnd", "time": 1505191341}}
{"dmuke17": {"text": "Definitely in the realm of normal. There's a huge amount of variation from person to person. As long as she's eating good food and in moderation, she needs to trust that her body is doing what it needs to do. There's a lot about pregnancy and parenting that you simply can't control. You can eat well, but you can't control how much weight your body puts on or where it goes, right? You just have to be kind to yourself and practice good self-care. ", "link_id": "t3_6zdxg6", "time": 1505119032}}
{"dmtyu9i": {"text": "A kid as \"off\" as Randall is unlikely to go off and live a healthy, independent life at the same age as his peers. I think that you're setting an unrealistic milestone for him; he's going to need intense help throughout his young adulthood to turn the situation around. If you stay with Dean, Randall will probably be ruining your Christmases and Thanksgivings for decades to come. ", "link_id": "t3_6z5pk5", "time": 1505082997}}
{"dmr7p35": {"text": "I've done quite a few nights of camping with our kids at various ages, both RVing and tent camping. It's great, most of the time. Dealing with extreme weather has been the biggest challenge. An RV or popup camper is nice for getting out of the rain/cold/wind for awhile, and it really reduces your campsite set-up time. Having a good baby carrier is great for winter because both of you stay toasty warm, and I highly recommend hiking poles if you're hiking while babywearing. The Summer Infant Pop N'Play Portable Playard has been awesome for camping with a crawling/walking baby.", "link_id": "t3_6ypdc2", "time": 1504918851}}
{"dmo897f": {"text": "There's a surprising amount of audio content out there. Check out the subject matter you're studying on Audible, or if there's a podcast series. I try to mix up the learning styles throughout the day - I crave variety.  Some days I'm redrawing diagrams, listening to textbooks on audiobook, reading and researching, explaining the material to someone else. Mix it up and find what makes it \"stick\" the best for you", "link_id": "t3_6xw647", "time": 1504760916}}
{"dmjrdr8": {"text": "We used to have a truck-Jayco combination that was technically okay by the numbers, but it was SO stressful to actually drive it. Ive vowed - Never again! ", "link_id": "t3_6xr8qm", "time": 1504534211}}
{"dmdfkt4": {"text": "Definitely this suggestion. Mattresses were always tricky for me while preggo. I would take lots of extra bedding so she can make a supportive nest. ", "link_id": "t3_6vuf30", "time": 1504182143}}
{"dmb7avd": {"text": "This! If your \"best\" friend doesn't understand the awesomeness he sees in you, then she's a really shitty friend. ", "link_id": "t3_6wrvzn", "time": 1504058874}}
{"dm7zgjj": {"text": "I think you're really going to need the textbook for the diagrams, charts, and visual aids. At the very least. These aren't classes where you can just BS your way through. It's specialized knowledge that you won't have picked up elsewhere. I'd take a look at the time difference between the old edition and the new edition; things really have changed a lot in microbio and genetics in the last 5 to 10 years. ", "link_id": "t3_6wdfsd", "time": 1503893404}}
{"dm77h27": {"text": "I'm back at school at age 33, and am taking mostly online classes. I absolutely have to make A's to get into the programs I want, so YMMV if you're not needing a 4.0 GPA.I always read first, taking notes and making sense of the content on my own. Then I use the lectures to supplement that, adding onto my notes if there's detail I've missed, or additional information. Then do the discussion board posts and assignments after that. Depending on the class and if you like the textbook, you may want a supplementary textbook or guide to help condense the important information. I find there's a big difference in the depth of my understanding (and how much of it \"sticks\") when I prioritize reading first and staying ahead. When reading discussion board posts, its clear who the people are who have only a surface understanding and didn't do the readings.And for online classes with open-book exams, get the ebook too so you can search for the section you need vs. flipping through the physical text. Saved me TONS of time during timed exams, even though I prefer doing my actual reading with a traditional textbook.", "link_id": "t3_6wbhle", "time": 1503856525}}
{"dm76pvz": {"text": "Here's my approach - read the assigned textbook reading before lecture. Outline the chapter(s), making sure that I understand and paraphrase, rather than just copying down exactly what I'm reading. Then the power points and lectures are guidance on which parts of the textbook reading you absolutely need to know. If you're lucky, your instructor will have learning objectives written down for each section. Definitely pay attention to these, and make sure you are staying on track matching the reading/notes and the lectures/ppt to these objectives.Taking the time to stay ahead with your reading is really the key. You don't want the lecture to be the first time you hea about the important concepts.", "link_id": "t3_6wdfsd", "time": 1503855592}}
{"dlutrxt": {"text": "That's all I needed to know - she's a garbage person for getting out her phone during Hamilton.She will embarrass you anywhere and everywhere with this nonsense. ", "link_id": "t3_6uoiim", "time": 1503176010}}
{"dlubpg8": {"text": "HOLY SHIT that's awful! She sucks for even putting your husband in that position, rather than supporting the both of you through a stressful and unpleasant ordeal. It's just Thanksgiving! Argh! Sending good vibes your way.", "link_id": "t3_6um5qc", "time": 1503151022}}
{"dlr4y7y": {"text": "There's a book that really helped me called \"When the Brain Can't Hear\". It was great to finally have some language to describe what my world was like. ", "link_id": "t3_6u4hxl", "time": 1502981948}}
{"dloozt5": {"text": "Fair isn't the same thing as equal. Your mom seems to be changing for the better, and you guys have a healthier relationship as a result. It seems completely fair to meet her SO. On the other hand, your dad treats you poorly, and disrespects you, your mom, and his own SO. I think what's fair in that situation is to steer clear of the hot mess that he is creating. You don't have to treat your parents the exact same way. Your dad is probably going to act like an asshole no matter what you decide to do, so consider doing what you actually want to, regardless of how he reacts. Therapy is a really good idea for kids of boundary-stomping parents; I've needed that 3rd party perspective to help me sort through some of the really messed up stuff that seemed normal to me at the time. ", "link_id": "t3_6txiii", "time": 1502852072}}
{"dlkuuo0": {"text": "Anybody overhearing your brother making fun of your salary is going to think that he's an asshole, not that you've done anything wrong with your life. It sucks that your parents seem to think that his behavior is acceptable, but it's actually really digusting to pretty much everyone else. Keep your head high, and follow your dreams. ", "link_id": "t3_6tfti7", "time": 1502663747}}
{"dljmfpm": {"text": "That looks saggy to me. How does it feel? My inclination is that it's a size too big for you, which means she's hanging off of you vs. distributing the weight across your torso. ", "link_id": "t3_6tcbdx", "time": 1502591087}}
{"dljmbra": {"text": "I think it makes sense to look at the skincare side of things, since you're already going above and beyond with the diaper cleaning. My older son has really reactive skin, and we found that coconut oil worked on his diaper rashes when nothing else did. Healing that skin and making sure it was as healthy as possible was key to breaking the cycle. Certain wipe solutions were too harsh for him. I do like the Kissalovs Diaper Lotion Potion for my kids though, and found it worth the price. Best of luck. It is certainly frustrating for both the parent and the kid.", "link_id": "t3_6t949g", "time": 1502590934}}
{"dlinls7": {"text": "Check out the T@b 400. They're in limited supply, but they're a strong contender for our next RV. The T@b 320 line with the Sofitel package feels upscale/European too. ", "link_id": "t3_6t6zzv", "time": 1502543776}}
{"dlar2p2": {"text": "If I were a customer, I would be completely put off by her behavior. I'd be wondering if she is as incompetent as she is unprofessional. She's making your company look bad. I'd let your supervisor know.", "link_id": "t3_6s5vst", "time": 1502136373}}
{"dla8dag": {"text": "Sometimes being at home is too disruptive, and I get distracted by all the stuff that I need to do around my place. At the library, any noise or mess isn't my problem to solve, so it's easier to just be in my own zone. ", "link_id": "t3_6s4qoo", "time": 1502116475}}
{"dl9axl1": {"text": "How about a meeting with her and her counsellor to talk through supporting her emotionally through this? You're in a tough spot, but definitely follow the recommendations of the professionals you have on the team.", "link_id": "t3_6rwmsg", "time": 1502059055}}
{"dl8gh7r": {"text": "We have a saying in our house, \"You can't make a fruit salad with just oranges!\" Life is more interesting with people of all different ability levels and interests, and you and your boyfriend have different strengths that you value in the other. That's not a bad thing! He may be in awe of your ability to connect with strangers, your clear head in a crisis, or your effortless kindness. You may not see the value in the traits and accomplishments that come easily to you, and it's probably the same for him. Reading about theories of different kinds of intelligences might be helpful for you. A related issue of compatibility is how you feel about goal setting and personal development. How do you both feel about the amount of time and energy you put into working on yourself? Do you expect the same of your partner? Is having ambition important? Different couples have different dynamics that work for them. I think that hashing out these priorities and expectations are more critical factor for happiness than just a difference of interests and types of intelligences. ", "link_id": "t3_6rut4m", "time": 1502011072}}
{"dl8fk6p": {"text": "It sounds like your girlfriend may not have been honest with you about what's gone down in her past with her family. Just because she is sober now doesn't undo the pain she caused her family. To me, the restraining orders and complete loss of parental rights indicates that some serious harm was done to these kids. I would guess that being infertile now that she's sober is a major source of pain for her. Lots of people are having babies around age 30, and not only will she not have more kids, she has to face the fact that she was not a mom to the two kids she did have. That's heavy stuff, and not something that most people could shake off without therapy.", "link_id": "t3_6rwmsg", "time": 1502008262}}
{"dl78b80": {"text": "Yeah, I skip tent camping from June through August. We do most of our camping in the winter instead.", "link_id": "t3_6rpxft", "time": 1501940207}}
{"dl5x662": {"text": "Your intuition is telling you that letting your parents babysit is a really bad idea. Trust your brain here - it's trying to protect you and your kids. I don't think that it's a separate thing from what you experienced as a kid. The \"you always overreact\" argument is something that I've personally dealt with, too. Does your dad have a history of gaslighting you? Mine was a mater at it, and the family narrative of \"ATX overreacts!\" was a way of manipulating me into not fighting over whatever messed up thing was happening in our family.If you would like to try and see if this relationship is worth nurturing, go slowly. I would propose some joint family activities (zoo, park, museum, etc.) and just see how it goes when you give them just a bit more \"leash\"; do they respect your boundaries and rules, or do they push push push? ", "link_id": "t3_6rkncg", "time": 1501864282}}
{"dl5lz1d": {"text": "900 to 1000. It's a bad area for affordable housing, but there are definitely jobs and more addorable housing in the adjacent cities like Cedar Park, Pflugerville, or Round Rock. ", "link_id": "t3_6rdib3", "time": 1501851625}}
{"dkyw2u3": {"text": "Depending on your area, it's not too tough to find a good deal on a tank on Craigslist or OfferUp. I paid $20 for a decent 29 gallon, and there was plenty of other deals for $1 gallon or less. The costly stuff ended up being the heating and decor that I wanted. My tank looks awesome, though. ", "link_id": "t3_6qhzuv", "time": 1501515520}}
{"dkyvkla": {"text": "This particular flavor of religion makes me so angry - I'm so sorry you're being faced with this nonsense at the same time that you're dealing with health issues. My MIL was confronted with this same stuff by her best friend when dealing with cancer, and it ruined their friendship. We talked it over and I helped as much as I could, but it's an awful and hurtful message. They never reconciled; a priceless friendship that should have been a comfort to her, ending up causing her as much pain as the cancer-related stuff she went through. As a mom myself, I know your mom is scared shitless and she doesn't have any control over the outcome. As an atheist, I get really mad about this faith healing bullshit because it is so unhelpful to people who are ill. Obviously, it's not your level of devotion that causes illness and recovery. Outing yourself as a non-believe to your devout mom is going to be hard no matter the age and circumstances. If you have the mental energy to face it now, do it now. You are an adult and you have the right to put limits on your religious participation, whether or not you \"come out\" as atheist. Being honest with my family about my lack of belief was an unbelievable relief. I hated it every time I lied, and acted as though nothing had changed. It feels SOOOOO much better to just politely sit through the religious stuff vs. going through the motions pretending that you believe in all the religious stuff. You can agree to listen to her religious stuff for 5 minutes a day, or sit with her while she prays silently. You can both respect her religious beliefs, and keep them from disrupting your life. You don't have to defend your nonbeliever status either; some religious people will take it as a challenge to win you back, or will belittle you because you're choosing something else. You're fine as you are, and it sounds as though you may not even be the only non-believer in your family. If you take that brave step to be honest with your mom, that may give them the courage they need, too. ", "link_id": "t3_6qo4cm", "time": 1501514956}}
{"dkr5byt": {"text": "I think of it as crawling out of a deep, dark pit. You've got to claw your way out one healthy decision at a time. I've made a list of things that I should do when I'm feeling really bad, and I'm not sure what to do to start feeling better. The list is mostly the simple self-care stuff that depression makes impossibly hard: take a shower, wash my face, brush teeth, put on running shoes and go for a walk/run, watch a comedy special to make myself laugh, text a friend just to say Hi, eat a salad. For someone that's not depressed, that list sounds so easy, but that's my \"climb out of the pit\" checklist. ", "link_id": "t3_6poyag", "time": 1501089925}}
{"dkp1hgf": {"text": "That feeling (you're the crazy one) is part of how he gets away with treating you that way. It's not a separate issue - it's part of the disrespect. It may rise to the level of \"gaslighting\" which is abusive, which I hope you spend some time researching, and thinking about if this applies to what you've been through.Only you can say if you should get a divorce; I know it's not a simple issue. I think it's especially hard when it's a character issue or an accumulation of these smaller offenses. It feels hard to explain to other people, and I know how it is to wonder if people think you're taking the \"easy\" way out by divorcing, instead of working on your marriage. ", "link_id": "t3_6peqbv", "time": 1500991294}}
{"dknzb4l": {"text": "Thanks! I love this sub so much right now. I am in the process of setting up a tank, and even with upgrading the size of our tank, it's still been cheaper than the kits I saw today. ", "link_id": "t3_6p5nzz", "time": 1500929490}}
{"dkgq2uu": {"text": "I hear you on the massive truck thing, it's not my cup of tea either. I'm looking at a Tahoe if we decide to go bigger, but for now our Ridgeline is fine and tows 5k. It only feels a little more bulky than my Odyssey, and is just as comfy for commuting and driving the family around. I want to get something that doesn't feel cavernous if I'm camping solo. In May, we (2 adults + two kids under 6) did a 1600 mile trip with the Ridgeline + my moms 19' Jayco TT. It was a blast, and convinced her to upgrade the whole set-up. She is now full-timing in a 28' Flying Cloud. I kinda love the idea of parking my stubby FC next to hers.", "link_id": "t3_6od98m", "time": 1500529064}}
{"dkgk2y3": {"text": "I think it really, really depends on your habits and preferences. I've been researching both of these models a lot this week for our next RV. I feel like we use a lot of grey water as a family, but I could easily camp solo in the 16' for 3 days. Consider how many things you're going to need to wash to prep and cook meals. Consider your showering habits, too. How do you feel about using the campground's shower and bathrooms? Again, all personal preference stuff. There's tons of workarounds, though; it just depends on what trade-offs you're willing to make. Do you already have a tow vehicle you love? It might be worth driving around a larger SUV for a few days to see if it works for you. I think the 19' is the better option, but everybody is different. I'd rather spend my time out hiking or relaxing vs. worrying about if there's enough room in the tank for me to shower AND wash dishes after work. ", "link_id": "t3_6od98m", "time": 1500519515}}
{"dkel7wh": {"text": "Flying nonrev can be a giant pain in the ass, especially if you're trying to make it home for something important, and when weather or cancellations happen, you're at the bottom of the stack. The benefit isn't as good as it was in years past, in my opinion. I'd take the nursing job, especially since the money is likely quite a bit better. ", "link_id": "t3_6o0f2i", "time": 1500422433}}
{"dk9x8z7": {"text": "Well then you're in a great position to help resolve this, since the previous person training her was clearly a terrible teacher. How about meetings twice a week to go over routines and classroom issues, what she feels is going well, what she wants to improve on, ideas she has for the lesson plans, etc.? Think of it like you're mentoring her to help her be a great teacher, and stay open to the fact that she may have some great ideas, too. ", "link_id": "t3_6njd7e", "time": 1500167676}}
{"dk9x1ka": {"text": "I'm not saying that you should budge on your 2 day offer, but maybe you could make an alternate offer to take care of kid activities for a day or two. Maybe team up with your mom for a mini-vacation of going to zoos and museums for a few days, or driving them to/from camps or daycare if they already have stuff scheduled. That could be fun for you, a good chance to hang with your nephews, and helpful for their family. I just moved our family, and just having the kids out of the way meant that I could get stuff done so much faster. Moving sucks a lot, and there is so much work to do, especially with the amount of random crap kids collect. However, most of the work is sorting through clutter and random shit, which is not your problem. Cleaning up their old place is a big ask, and maybe that's part of what they're hoping to get (vs. paying a cleaning team). There might be a week's worth a moving chores for THEM, but that doesn't mean there's a week worth of stuff for you to do. ", "link_id": "t3_6njb3r", "time": 1500167359}}
{"dk9wplx": {"text": "Unfortunately, you're not making a good case for a potential relationship between the two of you. She doesn't want to be exclusive, and you do. She likes hanging out and doing activities together as friends, but the whole dynamic has left you feeling \"used.\" None of that suggests that a strong romantic relationship with her is just around the corner. Let your head overrule your heart. You know it's time to move on and find a new relationship that is closer to what you really want. Spend your energy taking care of yourself - working out, eating healthy, and learning new skills. You'll feel better, and that will attract new people into your life that could be good romantic partners. Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_6njcce", "time": 1500166840}}
{"dk9wduw": {"text": "It's not totally clear in your post if you two are equals as co-teachers, or if she's your assistant. Either way, you two need to have a meeting where you bring up your concerns, and constructively talk about how to change things. You are clearly not on the same page about the routines of the classroom, like circle time, cleaning, and discipline procedures. She may need retraining (if you're in charge), or you both need to find ways to accommodate the other person's teaching style. That's all very fixable stuff, but it honestly sounds like she just gets on your nerves, and you don't like working with her. Is it possible that your anxiety about being head-teacher is provoking some perfectionism? You said yourself that she's working hard and the kids love her. She's honestly trying to be good at her job; try not to squash that by being impossible to please. ", "link_id": "t3_6njd7e", "time": 1500166339}}
{"dk9vke0": {"text": "What you're describing is appropriate for a 16 year old, not a 21 year old. You guys need family counselling to find a middle-ground. ", "link_id": "t3_6nh5h6", "time": 1500165067}}
{"dk9ddt7": {"text": "My first reaction on hearing this story was \"OH HELL NO!\" Emotional reactions aside, I know how challenging it is to parent this age group, and it's important to show that you mean what you say. Please for the sake of this little girl, do not budge on this teaching her that badgering people is how to get what she wants. I agree that establishing boundaries right away great idea. All you have to do it state calmly \"I won't be giving you my phone. End of discussion.\" And importantly - do not engage further. This niece already sounds like a strong-willed child who has learned that she can outlast and badger her way of out trouble with the rest of the family. There are some great books and resources out there for parents and family of strong-willed children. I personally like \"Setting Limits with Your Strong-Willed Child\"; maybe you could buy it, read it, and pass it along to your sister. She clearly needs some parenting help. ", "link_id": "t3_6nd0pe", "time": 1500138623}}
{"dk9cx1i": {"text": "I had a lot of anxiety about how to explain my estrangement from my father to my kid. In the end, it went along the lines of, \"My dad doesn't treat people kindly, and it's my job to protect you from stuff like that. So we don't hang out with him anymore. Does that make sense?\" Kid: \"Yup! We don't hang out with mean people.\" And he runs off to play. Me dealing with my issues of estrangement is difficult and requires lots of self-reflection and therapy. My kid dealing with it was less of a big deal than getting him to clean his room. Spend some time thinking about why you don't feel comfortable explaining the estrangement to other people. That residual feeling of shame is part of the abuse, too. You were abused by your parents. It is 100% acceptable to go no contact with your abusers. You don't have to justify that [healthy] decision to anybody, either if you don't feel like it. If they press you on \"how could you do that to your father, blah blah\", then they're not really on your side from the get-go. If you're on the fence, say: \"I'm not interested in having a relationship with my abuser\" and just see how they respond.", "link_id": "t3_6nfmr9", "time": 1500137979}}
{"dk0awy7": {"text": "Immediate compliance in this instance is because he'll pretend not to hear, or try to negotiate for just one more level. With an easy-going, rule-following kid, you can get by just fine without being quite this rigid, but with a defiant kid, they need to know you mean what you say, and you're going to back it up EVERY time. Temperament of the kid makes a huge difference. There's a good book called, \"Setting Limits with your Strong-Willed Child\" by Robert MacKenzie that really helped me to see how my husband and I were unintentionally prolonging the drama. Seriously such a good book for parents of kids who test everything. You're right though, kids do need (and deserve) a heads up when there's going to be a transition to a new thing. It really makes things go smoother if they have a 10-minute and 2-minute warning, or such. ", "link_id": "t3_6m5it5", "time": 1499650061}}
{"djzigqv": {"text": "&gt;&gt;If they are unashamedly asking you for money now it already means that they view you as a source of income and not a true friend.  You need to put an immediate stop on this now if you plan to save this relationship.&gt;I think this is the crux of the issue. OP, you are obviously a kind and empathic person, but the fact that you're regularly getting hit up for money is a red flag that you also have poor boundaries, and your 'friends' are very presumptuous. Seek out people who have good personal judgement, and are looking to help others.I propose that you set up a charitable organization and direct those funds to your priorities, scholarships and interesting projects in your community, rather than waiting for an 'ask' from someone you know. Then when hit up for money, its \"Sorry, I've diverted all my spare funds to XYZ Foundation this year. Let me know if you have time to volunteer to spay cats/buy fans for the elderly/feed the homeless!\" ", "link_id": "t3_6m6g5f", "time": 1499611520}}
{"djz7lns": {"text": "I have been homeschooling my 5.5 year old, and have a 1.5 year old now too. How much school we do completely depends on what other chaos is going on each day. It was easier with a newborn than with a toddler, and your wife is now facing both. That's hard mode, no doubt. When the stars align, we zip through curriculum, but that's rare now that my toddler is so mobile and in a needy phase. The baby/dog/husband getting sick means school gets bumped down the priority list, and I'm dealing with the fallout from that. Appointments and important household stuff is often getting in the way, because many people think, \"homeschool is so flexible,\" but the day passes fast without getting back into school mode. You kind of have to protect school time the way you would if the kid was actually in school. The reality is that there's not a huge amount of time in our day that everybody is fed, rested, and ready to work. I enjoyed having my little guy go to mothers day out 2x a week so that I could count on a few hours of one-on-one with my big kid. I've loved the benefits of homeschooling this year, but it's not a long-term solution for our family. ", "link_id": "t3_6m564y", "time": 1499584501}}
{"djz766e": {"text": "Hey, I promise it's not just your kid. It's pretty much every kid I know that has issues turning off their tablet. My rule is that if I say it's time to turn off the tablet, then immediate compliance (&lt;5 seconds) is the rule. Refusal or complaining about it means the loss of the tablet for the rest of the day. If he complains that all his toys and books in his room are boring, then I tell him he might want pick some out to donate to other kids. I try not to have a lot of picky rules, but that the ones I do have are clear and enforced. If he disagrees about a rule or request, we can talk about it AFTER he does what I asked. He is an avid rule-tester and loophole-finder, so I have to stay on my toes and pay attention to what I've promised, since he will nitpick and negotiate whenever he sees an opening. I think if you can just try that - being clear and consistent with your expectations, then it'll help. It's a challenge sometimes to be both warm and consistent when parenting a difficult kid, but that's the sweet spot in terms of building that relationship and fostering his own emotional development. ", "link_id": "t3_6m5it5", "time": 1499583408}}
{"djy7qhd": {"text": "Hey, I've started the same process. Have a B.S., but want a BSN. There are a bunch of programs in my area for students in this situation, and pretty much all of them have the same pre-reqs required. Go to their information sessions if you can, they walk you through the whole process of applying, and let you know what the GPA and such is for their admitted students. ", "link_id": "t3_6lynvb", "time": 1499530000}}
{"djw9pqq": {"text": "Forehead texture is very similar, and for me, the AHA helps smooth everything out and gives a fresh, glowy look. I tend to notice the results of the AHA the most in my forehead, since it really reduces the fine lines there. Its a subtle improvement, but gets me from \"yay, no breakout today\" to \"WHOA, my skin looks great today!\" I break out on my chin too, and the BHA helps keep things under control and clean out those pores. My usual routines (when I'm staying on top of things) include PC BHA 2% Gel in the morning, and then PC AHA 8% Gel at least a few evenings a week. ", "link_id": "t3_6lqfek", "time": 1499422202}}
{"djvxry0": {"text": "I've had good progress with a similar skin texture issue using the Paula's Choice AHA gel in my evening routine. It dries out my skin quite a bit, so I have to make sure to moisturize more when I use it, and also stay on top of my sunscreen use. BHA helps with cleaning out my pores and stopping breakouts, but it's not until I add in the AHA that I see the texture and skin tone improve significantly. ", "link_id": "t3_6lqfek", "time": 1499398059}}
{"dju65yu": {"text": "I'm seeing it as available as an online course through Austin Community College, which is local and cheap for my situation. Maybe you've got a local CC that offers it too. Thankfully, I might get to skip that one if I just end up applying to ABSN programs that don't require it. Both Texas State and Texas A&amp;M have BSN programs in Rock Rock (just a tad north of Austin), which will be a lot more convenient than dealing with traffic near UT Austin. ", "link_id": "t3_6lb9hd", "time": 1499309077}}
{"dju3al7": {"text": "I'm in the human development JHU class this summer. So far, so good, andl I plan on doing more in the fall through JHU. Course design is straightforward, and quizzes and my first exam were what I expected based on the syllabus. Lots of reading assigned each week, but that's fine. I'm  working hard to make sure I get an A, since I'm just not sure how respected online pre-reqs will be for the programs I'm applying to next year.University of Texas at Austin has an alternate entry MSN program for Psych/Mental Health NPs, which might be one of the faster ways to get where you want to be eventually. ", "link_id": "t3_6lb9hd", "time": 1499305085}}
{"djsu2fp": {"text": "Speech Language Pathologist -- they are the specialists who actually sat down with my kid and listened to his speech, and then made a plan with us to improve the articulation mistakes. Both that assessed my kid were really great; good with him, clearly experts in their field, but also respected my expertise on the subject of my own kid. ", "link_id": "t3_6l55r0", "time": 1499243728}}
{"djskzz3": {"text": "This is my 17 month old son too. Like you described your family, we are a hearing family, kiddo is obsessed with Signing Time, doesn't say much, but signs nonstop. My ped wasn't worried, and her question is more about if he's interested in communicating, and how effective it is. Of course he is communicating, just in the language he's more eloquent in right now. For us, it's really only a problem when someone we are with doesn't understand his signing, but an 18-month old doesn't speak clearly either. It all worked out with my big kid, who had an awesome ASL vocabulary, and eventually an awesome spoken vocabulary, as well. SLPs are great resources, and helped with a speech articulation issue he had later on, and they might have a more nuanced opinion about your kid's communication preferences vs. the pediatrician. ", "link_id": "t3_6l55r0", "time": 1499225572}}
{"djqmp40": {"text": "I would gravitate towards Montessori-style and Waldorf toys. They tend to be  made of wood and fabric (nice from a tactile point of view), and not overstimulating/annoying. ", "link_id": "t3_6kxp78", "time": 1499116622}}
{"djq4dnl": {"text": "Annika is one of my all-time favorites", "link_id": "t3_6l062b", "time": 1499094630}}
{"djf0anq": {"text": "If they're doing a good job of being civil, at least around you, then that's a really good thing. They are trying to keep their personal issues away from you, which shows their maturity and good sense as parents. I can imagine how bewildering it is to you, and I'm sorry. Know that it's not at all your fault, and remember that you and your brother are a team. ", "link_id": "t3_6jhotu", "time": 1498484598}}
{"djew9r1": {"text": "I don't think this would be a good choice because of the cultural connotations, at least for an American baby. It would be like naming a baby Bagdad, Tehran, or Istanbul. Maybe you could go with a similar-sounding Reza or Rhea instead?", "link_id": "t3_6jhd31", "time": 1498477794}}
{"djevxqx": {"text": "I think the best thing to do in your situation is to have your OB or midwife refer you to a nutritionist who works with pregnant women. Because of your weight, they're going to be worried about gestational diabetes, among other things. I recommend keeping a food log so you can show your healthcare team what you are actually eating, and they can help you with improving specific areas.I have been pregnant twice at a similar weight, so I have an idea of what you're facing. Different health providers have different ideas about weight loss while pregnant. Mine have mostly advised that I eat well and stay active, and that's worked out fine. Gained around 30 pounds both times, and lost it all again by a few months after the birth. I know some women have goals to lose weight in pregnancy, but I don't think it's very realistic. You can't actually control how much weight you gain in pregnancy, just what you put in your body, and how much activity you do. There were plenty of weeks where I ate nearly \"perfectly\", got good exercise, and still saw a big jump in pregnancy weight. Every woman and pregnancy is different. If you have a tendency to binge eat or eat junk because you feel tired or sick, then pregnancy isn't going to make that any better, just worse. Set yourself up for success by developing new habits that will work with your life post-baby, too.", "link_id": "t3_6jjbl0", "time": 1498477076}}
{"djbst10": {"text": "As a parent, I can say I think it helps to be authentic with the kids you're working with. Sometimes people try to get too cutesy and falsely enthusiastic  about their task when explaining it to the kid, and the kid will totally pick up on that. I love explaining science stuff to kids, so I'm a big fan of using and explaining the real terms for stuff. For example, rather than make a lame joke like \"I need to check you ears for monsters...\" just be real and say, \"Ears are so awesome and important! They have lots of tiny parts that all work together so you can hear the sounds around you. Next I'm going to check out the parts that do XYZ...\" Just that moment of being authentic with them really matters; really not so different than education, right? ", "link_id": "t3_6j5ojt", "time": 1498274412}}
{"dj8u018": {"text": "Weight loss of 1 to 1.5 pounds per week is a safe rate of loss that doesn't usually impact a woman's milk supply. I can dig up the resrarch studies if you'd like, but I'm on mobile right now. Be kind to yourself with the weight loss; your hormonal \"landscape\" is really different now than it was pre-baby. ", "link_id": "t3_6io26s", "time": 1498135514}}
{"dj6nv85": {"text": "You're going to need strong study skills and a strong sense of motivation to get through the pre-reqs and a nursing degree. You pretty much said that you don't have these, at least for now. Get a job that pays the bills, and get into therapy to help you sort out what you want from your career. There's no magic career that's going to be all sunshine, rainbows, and big fat paychecks. Work is work. ", "link_id": "t3_6iifxu", "time": 1498014607}}
{"dj5pwvs": {"text": "You could get a locking trunk or footlocker to store your items in. The Container Store near me had a bunch in there for kids going to camp. You could definitely use it as a coffee table after you move out. I wouldn't bother trying to get even. Ignore the drama, protect your stuff, and move out ASAP. If your mom or stepdad ask, just tell them the simple truth - \"Stepsister has been taking my stuff; the footlocker is so I don't have to worry about that when I'm at work.\" ", "link_id": "t3_6iabho", "time": 1497976753}}
{"dj5i92x": {"text": "How about transferring to a BSN program at your university? I'm going back in for a 2nd degree, and many of the courses I took in the first two years  transfer, and I'm only going to spend about 2 years getting the BSN coursework done.  ", "link_id": "t3_6ie0ys", "time": 1497968501}}
{"dj4s6w6": {"text": "Thanks, I'm considering pretty much that exact schedule as a way to balance work and family. ", "link_id": "t3_6i3cv0", "time": 1497921011}}
{"dj2mzci": {"text": "Sakura Bloom single layer linen is a great choice. Feels really supportive, and has nice airflow compared to the stretchy wraps. That said, I do like a Ktan for the first 15 pounds or so, but only when I have good AC. I'm always so hot in the postpartum period that airflow is really important to me. A Solly Wrap is a nice, thin choice if you'd rather have a long wrap. It's more like a high-end t-shirt fabric vs. thick yoga pants like a Moby.", "link_id": "t3_6huq24", "time": 1497808491}}
{"dj2mrom": {"text": "There are a lot of tiny details I do like, but the overall effect is that it is very cramped. The lines flow so far into the upstairs and downstairs neighbours, which makes it look more messy than it actually is. Theres a lack of negatove space, essentially. A different paper, like quadrule or dotted would allow you to put extra space between each line of handwriting, or try to skip lines on ruled paper, at least. ", "link_id": "t3_6hygs9", "time": 1497808213}}
{"dj2f9wn": {"text": "My kids are 4 years apart, and thank goodness. When I felt terrible while pregnant, the big kid was old enough to stay occupied with less intervention from me. Also during periods when I was stuck marathon breastfeeding, or doing baby care, he was old enough to understand and wait. The boys are both totally crazy about the other, so I don't think a slightly older age gap will keep them from being close at all. ", "link_id": "t3_6hzk70", "time": 1497797892}}
{"dj2ewdh": {"text": "That's fantastic! ", "link_id": "t3_6hzg1i", "time": 1497797341}}
{"dj1hzi4": {"text": "Can you go see an adviser at your school to get you hooked up with student loans? Tell them your parents absolutely cannot know because they are abusive, and are financially controlling you. Of course student loans aren't fun, but the situation you're living in now is detrimental to your mental health. You deserve so much better. Please consider making your escape plan and going to live with your girlfriend or a classmate. ", "link_id": "t3_6htjvz", "time": 1497734811}}
{"dj1hkww": {"text": "Congratulations on graduating! *You* did that, not anybody else, and don't let your parents make you feel \"less than.\" It sucks that your dad isn't the father you deserve. It's not your fault. If you don't feel like calling him tomorrow, just don't call. If he's anything like my ndad, he'll just be mad and make it all about him, no matter what you do. There's a freedom in that. Go live your best life, and maybe consider if NC will make you happier than LC. ", "link_id": "t3_6huklh", "time": 1497734224}}
{"dizq1lz": {"text": "This response is spot on. Please OP, listen and RUN. The fact that your boyfriend's go-to response when he has done something wrong is to make you question your own sense of reality is so toxic. It's an effective tool to win an argument against you, but it is cruel and unkind. Being raised by a gaslighting narcissist messes up our confidence in remembering events; we've been told so many times that we don't remember things properly, that we will often believe another person's take on events is more valid and correct than our own. I know exactly the \"hazy memory\" feeling you described, and the frustration of not being able to marshal the facts to prove that you've been gaslit. You deserve so much better than \"it's all in your head.\" ", "link_id": "t3_6hlvgx", "time": 1497633070}}
{"diwlazu": {"text": "Definitely this. If you two are broken up, you need a custody agreement for the children as soon as possible.Secondly, find out what kind of fair living situation she sees working out for the 4 of you. You can't do anything about her wanting to \"break up\", but the fact is that you two have a lease together, depend on the other for childcare, and have shared financial responsibility for the children. Unless things are just totally toxic, don't move out. Next stop is to find childcare for both kids during the day. She needs to have a plan to be fully supporting herself ASAP, and that's going to be really hard if she's trying to be a stay-at-home mom at the same time. Are you already living in the 2-bedroom apartment? Would it be possible to get a 3-bedroom instead so the adults have their own separate bedrooms, but the kids don't bounce back and forth?", "link_id": "t3_6h83az", "time": 1497467375}}
{"dimyz9o": {"text": "Yup. He does not care that you need to sleep. He does not care about your feelings. These are basic requirements for a decent roommate, let alone a boyfriend. You need a new living situation, stat. ", "link_id": "t3_6fzx12", "time": 1496945464}}
{"diih5gb": {"text": "How about directing that energy towards a future career in early childhood education? There are many college courses that would both contribute towards a career and be relevant to parenting. I'm taking a Human Growth &amp; Development course right now (I'm getting a 2nd degree and changing careers), and have taken lots of specialty bio and psych courses that have come in handy in parenting too. Neurobiology is fascinating stuff. No matter what you decide to do, build the skillset and get the education that you need to support yourself and your future kiddos. I think gaining my education and having some cool life experiences first before I had my kids has helped me be a better mom. Parenting is hard emotional work; harder, grosser, and more exhausting than you can imagine. I think it helps to spend a few years gaining experience persevering through hard times, working through a few years' worth of crises with your significant other, and working out whatever emotional baggage you may have in therapy. ", "link_id": "t3_6ficnc", "time": 1496713274}}
{"difyu65": {"text": "I completely agree with the recommendation for counselling; go solo even if he won't go. If he doesn't see why VLC and NC are clearly the right answer here, then he's got a long road of therapy ahead of him. ", "link_id": "t3_6f5ato", "time": 1496583935}}
{"del4qkj": {"text": "I'd definitely go with the handicap accessible house, and focus on living smaller for the next few years. It can be temporary, or you might just find that it suits you. My family is making a similar downsizing move in a few weeks. We've had so much lifestyle inflation over the last decade, and it hasn't made us happier, and definitely hasn't made good financial sense. Our new apartment is less than half the size of our house. I'm actually really excited about shaking things up. I feel like it's a great opportunity for all of us to take stock of what we want in our life, and make sure that we are spending our time and money in the places that are important to us. It sounds like you're coming from a similar perspective. As for the cars, having a car paid off feels great, but only if it's serving the needs of your family. Be honest about how much car you actually need and what's just a \"want\". We also have both a truck and a van for our family, but as much as I'd want a brand new van with a bunch of options, it's not worth the extra $25k to us. However, a vehicle that makes life easier for getting around with your son would likely be a good investment for your family. ", "link_id": "t3_5xtxsu", "time": 1488829636}}
{"ddmpfk9": {"text": "I keep school sessions short and try to set my kiddo (also 5) up for quick wins. He gets pumped and often chooses to do more. If not, then we leave it for another day, and we go do something else. A standing desk is helpful, and being able to fidget while working helps him. I think part of the challenge of homeschooling is figuring out what gets them excited. Art? Puzzles? Mazes? Being outside? You can adapt or find curriculum for any type of learner. ", "link_id": "t3_5tbj4g", "time": 1486857286}}
{"dcyvjuy": {"text": "It's only been a few weeks - be patient with yourself. Biologically, your hormones are all over the place, your body is still healing, and you are still getting to know your baby. You're still in the midst of a massive lifestyle change, not to mention a physical one. Going back to work is a great goal, but it sounds more like you want to escape your situation vs. be a working mom. Babies can be pretty boring - so figure out how to do what you want to do with a baby in tow. Take some online workshops, catch up on some work-related reading, organize your closets, binge watch reality TV. You do you. You don't have to just gaze into your newborn's eyes all day. Put that kiddo in a wrap or K'tan, and try just taking a walk around the block. I had terrible cabin fever at 3 weeks postpartum. Just getting out of the house and interacting with the world helped immensely. ", "link_id": "t3_5qcp94", "time": 1485498594}}
{"dct2l0j": {"text": "I've used time4learning intermittently. It didn't really fit our needs for language and math, so we moved on to try other things. I really liked the content it had from science4us, which apparently is available a la carte. ", "link_id": "t3_5p3uuo", "time": 1485198424}}
{"dct231n": {"text": "I'm sure it feels like the life you imagined is destroyed, but with time I think you'll see that it's just that your life has taken an expected turn. You're in the right place - looking for people who have been on a similar journey and who KNOW that it's not what they thought in the first weeks after diagnosis. My BFF and I had kids at the same time, and our kids are best friends. Her son was diagnosed at 2.5 years old, and it's been an fascinating journey by her side. Like your kiddo, this little dude had major speech issues. But you know what? He is a great kid, and always has been. Speech therapy has helped immensely, and he's had great early-intervention teachers (who have become part of our friend group, too) who *get* him. Try not to get hung up on \"low functioning\" vs \"high functioning\", because in my experience it's far more nuanced than that, and it doesn't dictate what his future looks like. Guess who taught my kid to play Minecraft last weekend? His 5 year old best buddy - who is an extremely bright kid, a sweet big brother, and a loyal friend. Yup, you most likely have some battles and headaches ahead of you to get your kiddo the assistance he needs, but don't let that fool you into thinking he's going to have some sad, miserable, quasi-life, because that's just not true. Your kiddo is unique, not doomed. There are so, so, so many happy, healthy, awesome adults with autism in the world who didn't grow up in a time with so many resources for addressing the challenges of being on the spectrum. Your kid DOES have those, plus parents that care and are ready to jump in and get the process started. Take care of yourself, and seek out the local families who know the ins and out of your local resources. ", "link_id": "t3_5pp5q0", "time": 1485197871}}
{"dbheq1i": {"text": "I'm still stuck on \"jealous of the dog\". That is not a mature, rational person. If the dog has issues, train the dog. If a relationship has issues, communicate (not on Tumblr, ffs). It sounds like she would rather bail than do either of those things. ", "link_id": "t3_5jlxhr", "time": 1482360977}}
{"dbheflh": {"text": "Think of it as \"keeping me and my kid safe from an unstable person\" not as \"being mean to a person I've known a long time.\" He's suffering, but you are not a person who can help him with his obsession and inappropriate behavior. ", "link_id": "t3_5jlwm1", "time": 1482360595}}
{"dbgs8we": {"text": "Yes -- find some travel buddies! I've traveled with my best friends, my mom, my kids, and only occasionally my husband comes as well. My BFF and I both have husbands who would just as soon stay at home, so we go on our adventures together. For this trip though, just go by yourself rather than staying home or pressuring him to decide. I think you'll come back with a clearer idea of what you want your future to look like. Adventuring solo is also an amazing opportunity to indulge in your interests. Want to spend allllll day in a particular museum (that would bore the shit out of your travel companions)? Do it. Want to get drunk in a hammock by the sea reading trashy novels? You do you. If the relationship is otherwise good, and wanderlust is the only issue, then find the workarounds that work for you. If this conflict is just the tip of the iceberg, I think a solo trip will be clarifying. For some people, travel isn't a goal or priority, and that's fine for them. However, if it is important to you to get out and see the world, GO.", "link_id": "t3_5jjj5m", "time": 1482333452}}
{"dbgp08f": {"text": "At most, go with just one present, nothing extravagant. Maybe a book or some art supplies. That's the level of present-giving that's appropriate from a family friend, at least for my friend group. If he's not getting presents from other family friends, don't make it weird by being the only non-family member giving a gift. The gesture of giving a gift might help improve your relationship, but even 3 year olds from non-abusive homes are often wary of strangers for a long time too. Be kind, consistent, authentic, and project calmness. Pushing for him to trust you proves that you're not worthy of the trust in the first place. This kid has every reason in the world to not trust you, until you prove otherwise over time. So go slow. The fact that you wrote that the kid's dad is \"this guy I'm seeing\" makes it sound like this is a very new relationship, and that's treacherous territory for kids. The last thing this poor kid needs is to attach to you like a replacement mother-figure, before you and his dad even know if this is going to be a long-term relationship. ", "link_id": "t3_5jjd5c", "time": 1482328545}}
{"d9kaxol": {"text": "What type of carrier are you trying to back carry with? There are some great videos out there, but also some terrible ones demoing very unsafe practices. I'd be happy to point you to some good resources. ", "link_id": "t3_5ay1f7", "time": 1478196995}}
{"d9j964s": {"text": "My approach is to be super scientific about it. (We are a family of nerds.) Tell her what to expect and why it needs to be done. Don't use baby talk like \"sugar bugs\" to explain, but give her the facts. Bacteria live in our mouths, they eat the food we eat, their waste can make cavities, so that's why we brush our teeth every day. Etc., etc. My son's preK even showed them really up close photos of bacteria and cavities which REALLY made an impression. My son (also almost 5) gets anxiety about the unknown, so I just give him loads of info about how it all works. Which is good, because that kid has had several surgeries and quite a few procedures. I don't lie about if something will hurt or be annoying, and he's pretty compliant with all the medical and dental stuff I have to put him through. ", "link_id": "t3_5arw93", "time": 1478135174}}
{"d9f5izs": {"text": "&gt;I'm not asking for instant results. If I said that I would like to be on good terms with Blake 5 years from now, how would you suggest I lay the groundwork Just make a daily effort to authentically connect with him. Figure out what he would appreciate, and make that effort. A plate of cookies when he's stressing out, a kind word when you see he's made an effort with his appearance, bond over a TV show you both like, text him to ask if there's anything special he wants for dinner or from the store, etc. Get curious about what he's into, even if it's not your thing. Don't nag, of course, but be the best roommate and mentor you can. Your BFs romantic history and parenting style are not working in your favor. I don't bond with my mom's SOs because they're temporary parts of my life. Why should this kid bond with you? You're going to have to be a stable, consistent, and mentally healthy force in his life to get through a wall like that. ", "link_id": "t3_5a7rjd", "time": 1477909304}}
{"d9dve5f": {"text": "I'm confused about the notion of \"owing\", since you're married. It's all your jointly earned and saved money, unless I'm missing something here. That said, in our family budget, our categories look like your option 2. A bunch of joint categories, and then each person has their own category of discretionary spending. It's capped at a fair and equal, but generous amount. Within our subcategories we move money around, and don't have to justify how much or where we are spending that money. It's generally restaurants, clothing, grooming, liquor store, gym, etc. We have different priorities, but we each get X dollars to spend on our stuff.In your shoes, I'd be wary of calling it my money (meaning the currency you use) and your money (the one you're just banking) because psychologically, that's likely to be toxic for your budget and your relationship. I think budgets are as much psychological as anything else, so reframing it as a team effort, a team sacrifice, and setting team goals is key to staying motivated and on track to those goals. ", "link_id": "t3_5a5gp2", "time": 1477831120}}
{"d9al90u": {"text": "I recommend adding in some Paula's Choice AHA and I like the PC BHA better than the Stridex pads. I'm not really picky about cleansers, but I like the PC ones as well as anything I've tried. I also do daily vitamin C serum, which I think makes the biggest difference of all for my skin. I left it out of my routine while on a trip, only to realize it's my one must have item now. ", "link_id": "t3_59q7hn", "time": 1477605294}}
{"d99dgs2": {"text": "I'm a big fan of my Rhodia Webbie. It's holding up well vs previous Moleskines  and others. I abuse that poor notebook, but it still looks great. ", "link_id": "t3_59kjgz", "time": 1477531214}}
{"d8tbhdh": {"text": "I've tried a few different things. Weather you're trying to wear in makes a huge difference. I like covers and coats that let you share body heat, and keep the kiddo's feet next to you. If it's snowing, you want to pick a cover that fits snugly around the baby's neck and yours. I like the Boba/Peekaru vest a lot, and would recommend that for cold weather (I used it in quite cold weather in Quebec).", "link_id": "t3_57m2k4", "time": 1476555749}}
{"d8gbv77": {"text": "He is not operating in reality. This plan is totally and obviously unrealistic. In your shoes, I'd be worried that he's having a manic episode, and that he's about to make a rash decision. I would separate your finances from his ASAP, and draw some firm boundaries about what compromises you're willing to accept. This is not the time to support his unrealistic dream. The first order of business is to protect your kid and the life that you've built. ", "link_id": "t3_564jqa", "time": 1475756407}}
{"d8bzc25": {"text": "You're chance of being pregnant is so so ridiculously low. Consider taking that all regret and anxiety and using to fuel some productive lifestyle changes, rather than focusing on this. ", "link_id": "t3_55mpc2", "time": 1475494378}}
{"d7wcvrd": {"text": "I'm the coffee nerd at my house, and it makes me happy to play around with my fancy pants coffee. It's been astounding how much being pregnant and now my postpartum hormones changes what tastes good to me. Particularly bitter flavors were a real turn off to me, so you know, coffee is tricky. Enjoy your milk and sugar without guilt or sass! ", "link_id": "t3_53swzt", "time": 1474482585}}
{"d7c8ijx": {"text": "Yup, ditto on padded waists. They're just awkward on me. I find the unpadded far more comfortable and they just sit better on me. ", "link_id": "t3_51drf6", "time": 1473210542}}
{"d7bapk5": {"text": "There are loads of good MTs out there. I have a few. :) BabyHawk is my \"beater\" carrier. Quite durable, won't snag, washes without drama, and I can throw it in the car, and not worry it'll get destroyed being in close proximity to my big kid. Just so-so in terms of being comfortable since you can't do much with the straps. It sounds to me like you would prefer a MT with wrap-style straps. I think the BB-Tai by Babylonia has a great, slightly padded waist that's comfortable for the wearer. Didytai is good too, I like their wraps, and the seat of the MT cinches for young babies. Another more minimal way to go would be a Connecta. Like a MT in structure, but with buckles. One of my very, very favorite carriers over the years. Durable and not fussy at all. More comfortable for me than carriers that do have a padded waist. ", "link_id": "t3_51drf6", "time": 1473153453}}
{"d77xmnq": {"text": "Encore would be too slow for a restaurant, especially for brunch rush. It doesn't have a timer or anything, so you have to count/guess if you've ground enough. I'm impatient just grinding the beans for my morning coffee; its about 25s to get 30g. Which I guess isn't THAT long, but it feels that way when I'm trying to make coffee in a hurry. ", "link_id": "t3_50pnmm", "time": 1472907795}}
{"d73eb4r": {"text": "Don't be afraid to switch things up and try new things. Your life changes and so the most productive and inspiring layouts will likely change too. It's great to have a pretty notebook, but better to have a useful one. ", "link_id": "t3_50dc2l", "time": 1472605280}}
{"d710wj5": {"text": "I tried a light teal ink in my fountain pen, and that been the only thing that doesn't ghost horribly in the Moleskine. My solution for now (until I move into a new notebook) is to only put important stuff on the right side of the page, and leave the left for less important notes, handwriting practice, grocery lists, etc. ", "link_id": "t3_501iof", "time": 1472465127}}
{"d70otea": {"text": "You've got some great suggestions so far, but I'd add Henry / Hank. I ended up using that one for my 2nd kiddo. ", "link_id": "t3_502fc2", "time": 1472435635}}
{"d6tdcld": {"text": "Using Paulas Choice BHA really helped  me with that same problem. You could try the Stridex pads instead, but I find them much more drying. ", "link_id": "t3_4z3e3r", "time": 1471967890}}
{"d6tc4in": {"text": "I usually do my vitamin C later in the morning than BHA because the VitC formulation I have is pretty moisturizing, and the BHA leaves my skin so dry. ", "link_id": "t3_4z5uw0", "time": 1471966302}}
{"d6rdkcg": {"text": "Absolutely a membership - zoo, aquarium, kids museum, etc. It's really nice to be able to just pop in and hang out for a little while, without trying to make sure you get your money's worth on each visit. With two young kids, the kids science museum membership has been my favorite gift we've gotten in the last year. ", "link_id": "t3_4yxoaf", "time": 1471833479}}
{"d6hzqh0": {"text": "There were two male Rorys last year in my 4 year olds preschool class of like 8 boys. I love the name, but it's not that unusual in certain circles. ", "link_id": "t3_4xnwmq", "time": 1471239795}}
{"d6hzneb": {"text": "I think it's fine, and on some days, downright advisable to have a cocktail. My girlfriends and I wouldnt bat an eye at drinking and breastfeeding, and have definitely done both simultaneously from time to time. Smoking with a baby is without a doubt trashy -- but not drinking in moderation. Just because you're a breastfeeding mom doesn't mean you now have to change your life based on his hangups. Could you have him babysit/parent the baby while you go have a drink with your friends? Win-win. ", "link_id": "t3_4xs44k", "time": 1471239593}}
{"d6hzam4": {"text": "I think YNAB is somewhat flexible for your preferences, though i appreciate the reasoning behind the \"best practices\" way of using YNAB. You can budget for a whole month at a time, so long as you actually have the money in your accounts. If you don't have a full month of expenses saved, that's your first priority, and simplifies YNAB cosiderably.I also just direct import 90% of my transactions, and categorize spending every few days. That's after several years of doing detailed budgets, though. If you're new to budgeting and putting that much effort into tracking your finances, it makes the most sense to adhere closely to the YNAB system for 3 months. It's changed my family's lives for the better. ", "link_id": "t3_4xrncp", "time": 1471238754}}
{"d6hy5zo": {"text": "I realized I had low supply around 4 weeks, and it took about 3 weeks of seriously working on it for my supply to rebound. Started pumping after every feed for a week, and gradually tapering off as supply recovered. Fenugreek helps me a lot. After my kiddos tongue tie was revised, it made a world of difference, and now I only pump when I want to. I don't have an amazing supply (like I did with kid #1), but it's enough, and I am able to pump a little extra to freeze. It's definitely worth going through the intense  \"supply recovery phase\" to get to the point where you don't have to worry about pumping and supplementing. Edited to add: your routine sounds great and is basically what I did as well. One thing to look at switching up is your pumping bra - one I tried (Medela) hampered how much I could pump, and another (LactaMed handsfree) allowed me do breast compressions while pumping for an extra ounce or two. You might not be pumping more necessarily if your extra supply is going into the baby directly. If you can, a rental baby scale is really useful in troubleshooting. ", "link_id": "t3_4xqlv8", "time": 1471236295}}
{"d6cqjr5": {"text": "Retreating is totally the way to go. It is NOT your job to entertain your MIL when you're taking care of a newborn. MIL has access to the kitchen, the wifi, and the TV, and she's a grown ass woman. Make up a sample routine/ schedule that indicates how you'll be available for an hour in the AM, an hour in the afternoon, and an hour in the evening. The rest of the day you're feeding the baby, \"feeding the baby\", napping, or just \"napping\". I had nonstop visitors after my 2nd baby this spring, and it's perfectly acceptable to take your limited free time to do necessary self-care and recharge. Don't wear yourself out trying to make a miserable MIL happy.", "link_id": "t3_4x4qb2", "time": 1470883427}}
{"d6co2x2": {"text": "I only have one of them, but I really love the Motherease one size fitted diaper. The stay-dry terry is great, and that thing holds a TON of pee, and the design would contain poops well. (My kid only poops in the AM, and we save this diaper for overnights.) You can use the snap in layer early, you just need a cover that has a higher rise. My wool Disana covers cover it easily. ", "link_id": "t3_4x2clv", "time": 1470879597}}
{"d6bqdkx": {"text": "I'm stunned by the heartlessness. What they did was so incredibly cruel. I'd never speak to any of them again, including the boyfriend. They don't see your big friend as an actual person, and don't have enough empathy to know what reception their \"prank\" would have. If they actually wanted to help him, they wouldn't be publicly  shaming and embarassing him. They just wanted to toy with him. ", "link_id": "t3_4x1bmr", "time": 1470833954}}
{"d6aiap8": {"text": "I think it's useful, because in a few months you may look back at that category, and wonder how you spent so much at a cheap restaurant. Or you pay for restaurant X for you and a friend, and they pay you back by paying for restaurant Y the next week. I never regret writing the memos, and I often wish I had written more. If I go to the movies, even I write down which movie it was in the memo. I think it helps you realize that some forms of entertainment are really expensive per hour. That's a valuable lesson I wish I learned earlier. ", "link_id": "t3_4wusvx", "time": 1470758250}}
{"d693207": {"text": "TotsBots are my favorite AIOs, and GMD workhorses are great fitteds. It's nice to have a mixed stash, rather than only one type. Prefolds + covers are also really great for the first months, and not significantly more work than a fitted diaper. ", "link_id": "t3_4wprw2", "time": 1470669579}}
{"d692uos": {"text": "UTA usually refers to UT Arlington, rather than Austin. Just UT is fine, since it's the flagship. And it is an awesome school. Lots of local tech companies for internship opportunities. There's also the EE/Computer Engineering direction to check out if that interests you more than straight CS. ", "link_id": "t3_4wpxmp", "time": 1470669289}}
{"d692i75": {"text": "I'm really looking forward to getting one of these. Thanks!", "link_id": "t3_4wnput", "time": 1470668797}}
{"d6721f8": {"text": "My advice is to hold on just a bit, because you're in a very intense transition right now. Your kiddo is great, and you're already getting the help he needs to be able to communicate more easily. You and your wife both need support from friends right now, so you're not just venting on each other. Do you have any friends with kids who have special needs that you can reach out to? Even though your journeys are different, they may be the most understanding about accepting that your kid is a bit different, and that your experience as their parent is going to have some unusual (and stressful) aspects. I think you need some friends that celebrate what your kiddo can do, and cheer their progress with you. I've found a group of friends like that, and they're worth their weight in gold. As you know, some groups of parents (especially moms) can be really competitive and that's not what y'all need right now. After you wrap your head around the \"okay, so I have a kid with autism\" stuff, I do think you should talk to your family. Not just that your kiddo is on the spectrum, but specifically help them understand what they can do to connect and communicate with him. Some people are just terrible at connecting with young kids period, and do the total wrong thing. Being able to give a bit of direction to family members about what your kiddo is into, what he does like to talk about, and what nonverbal communication to look for is helpful. ", "link_id": "t3_4wgr0q", "time": 1470517131}}
{"d66zcbh": {"text": "I agree - I think that your beard really highlights exactly where those lines are, even though I don't think it's particularly unattractive. But we all have those things about our face that we'd minimize if we could. ", "link_id": "t3_4wegvd", "time": 1470512470}}
{"d656qxv": {"text": "Hell no, 30 is awesome. It was like a switch flipped, and I realized I don't have to care what other people think of me. I spent my 20s anxiously trying to make other people accept and approve of my life; what a waste of energy! Live and let live - you do you, and I'll do me. In your 30s, you know who you are in a way you can't in your 20s. You do have to accept that there are some things that you won't accomplish in this life (like I'm definitely not going to medical school, for example), but that's fine. Seriously, no reason to dread being 30. Edited to add: OPs girlfriend sounds insufferably crass. Bragging about her style, sense of fashion, insight, and education? And dont forget her effortless swagger on the dance floor, ugh. People who actually have those things don't brag about them. If she was a friend of mine, I'd tell her that she's being tacky. But at 30+ I don't have time to be \"friends\" with people that obnoxious. ", "link_id": "t3_4w7u9i", "time": 1470393480}}
{"d656g9o": {"text": "I like wool covers at night too. I'm in Texas, and they don't make my kid any more sweaty than he usually is. For nighttime, I usually put him in a GMD workhorse fitted with a fleece-topped doubler, and then a Disana wool cover. I get nervous about him sleeping next to me in anything except a wool cover, because I hate pee leaks in the middle of the night. ", "link_id": "t3_4w5hkn", "time": 1470392535}}
{"d64eysz": {"text": "I have two young kids myself and it's exhausting. I don't think you're a whiner AT ALL. That baby is lucky to have you in their life, and you sound like an absolutely wonderful. However, you are also a child. It's inappropriate (SO INAPPROPRIATE) for your mom and sister to let you be the baby's primary caretaker. ", "link_id": "t3_4w43tv", "time": 1470342175}}
{"d645ejg": {"text": "Oh no, this is majorly indicating that she has really bad judgement. That poor kid. Most of the recommendations of 6+ months are a tad too conservative in my opinion, especially for older children and teens. At least 2 months as a bare minimum though to get to know them more thoroughly before introducing, and 4 months before that person has any significant role in the kid's life.This mom has absolutely no way of knowing that your brother is a good, stable, and trustworthy dude after such a short time. I'm guessing that she's young, immature, and overwhelmed, so she'll take whatever help she can get. Playing house with a brand new boyfriend is a recipe for disaster. If she's this careless with the most precious person in her life, I can't even imagine what a mess she is with the rest of it. ", "link_id": "t3_4w3fhs", "time": 1470330526}}
{"d62onwd": {"text": "I feel for you. My \"easy kid\" has been fussing for HOURS and I'm on my last nerve. Good luck to you. And maybe have a well-earned glass on wine tonight. :)", "link_id": "t3_4vxdef", "time": 1470243495}}
{"d62ccto": {"text": "That's a LOT of nursing on top of the 20+ ounces during your shift. He's definitely being overfed while you're gone. I think he's probably a bit of high-needs kid, and a bottle chills him out. So that's become the answer every time he fusses. But overfeeding and nonstop nursing isnt good for anybody involved. Personally, my kid #1 needed babywearing. My kid #2 would be attached to a boob all day if we didn't have pacifiers. In your shoes, I'd say trying both may get you good results. I still nurse often (on demand) with my now 5.5 month old, but every two hours during the day is about as frequent as I'll put up with. Breastfeeding is a relationship, and you get to set boundaries for yourself too. You NEED to set boundaries, or it'll drive you bonkers.  How comfortable are you telling those caretakers to reduce to a normal amount of milk and use a pacifier otherwise? I'd approach it with giving 3 oz bottles every 2.5 hours. Introduce babywearing, pacifier, baby swing, and whatever other gadgets and doodads help make the transition back to a normal routine. I think a trip to an IBCLC may be in order just to rule out tongue tie being a factor. If he's not able to nurse efficiently, he'll need to compensate somehow, like nonstop nursing. ", "link_id": "t3_4vxdef", "time": 1470224911}}
{"d6251yy": {"text": "It's a great time to start a reallllllllllly long audiobook. That always got me through with kid #1 when he was sick and nursing nonstop. ", "link_id": "t3_4vv3p9", "time": 1470203117}}
{"d623s24": {"text": "Holy shit, what kind of answer was she hoping to hear? \"Super loose, thanks for asking?\" That's a topic I'd only dicuss with my best friends, certainly not family members. ", "link_id": "t3_4vtv0t", "time": 1470200382}}
{"d60w8y0": {"text": "You could try the UV-blocking BabyLegs. Some of them are wicked cute", "link_id": "t3_4v2rhe", "time": 1470139085}}
{"d60sh5m": {"text": "Dahlia", "link_id": "t3_4vo2co", "time": 1470127163}}
{"d60rq10": {"text": "There's a book called \"When the Brain Can't Hear\" that you might find helpful. Just finding out more about APD and it's symptoms helped me find some peace and advocate better for myself. Best of luck to you.  ", "link_id": "t3_4vfuii", "time": 1470124627}}
{"d5zj8kr": {"text": "You call her back, like you would any person you consider a friend. Not calling back someone in the hospital is pretty cold, in my opinion. Remember that even though you are a therapist, you are not HER therapist. Write this down, say it to her explicitly, whatever you have to do to keep that healthy boundary. Keep this friend at a distance for now, and get yourself back into therapy. The fact that this is causing you such anxiety and stress means you need some support too. You can't solve everyone's problems, and you can't help your own patients when you're drowning in anxiety. ", "link_id": "t3_4vk419", "time": 1470057071}}
{"d5yqbgg": {"text": "You might do a little research into \"auditory processing disorder\"; one feature is exactly what you describe, having trouble hearing the differences between sounds. Obviously that makes it difficult to reproduce speech, as well. Some kids with APD have trouble learning to read because what they hear doesn't match up with what's written. I haven't been formally diagnosed with APD, though I've seen an audiologist to rule out an actual problem with my hearing. I don't really care, I've got my hands full just dealing with my kids and my life, I compensate well enough for my auditory issues. After reading more about the disorder and what other people do to deal with it, I realized I already do most of it. You probably do, too. (Like understanding missed words by concentrating on the context. Avoid noisy environments for important conversations. Rely more on written instructions rather than verbal.) When my kid started showing an articulation delay at age 4, I got him into speech therapy. ", "link_id": "t3_4vfuii", "time": 1469997830}}
{"d5yd5tb": {"text": "Work-life balance is important. More important to some people than others. My husband is in the tech industry, and we've had to negotiate work-life balance every few years as our circumstances change. There's a period of paying your dues in any career, but at some point, you have to decide what's most important to you.", "link_id": "t3_4vgy4m", "time": 1469977920}}
{"d5uzi3n": {"text": "I think the hardest part of having two kids is dealing with/managing the older one's feeling during the transition. From that viewpoint, nursing is a really handy tool to have in your parenting toolbox. I wouldn't give it up until you both are ready for that nursing relationship to end. ", "link_id": "t3_4utmua", "time": 1469739575}}
{"d5uz34n": {"text": "Whatever it takes, is right on. For me, it was like, \"Do you want to get out of the tub to have this baby?\" \"Hell no, I'm not moving unless it's a dire f-ing emergency!\" And then Hank was born. :)", "link_id": "t3_4uzf6k", "time": 1469739049}}
{"d5uw7xm": {"text": "I never thought that I was crunchy enough to have a waterbirth, but I ended up giving birth to kid #2 in the tub. A++ for pain relief. Highly recommend it. ", "link_id": "t3_4uzf6k", "time": 1469735470}}
{"d5uqwq4": {"text": "Perhaps you could encourage her to see her pediatrician for a referral to a speech therapist. Being able to better communicate with her kid will certainly make her life easier. Not to mention that a preschool-age kid needs to have the tools to communicate with peers and other adults. I think that's fairly uncontroversial, no matter what's behind the speech delay. Hopefully the pediatrician will be able to get this family hooked up with the services and specialists they need. ", "link_id": "t3_4v1jcj", "time": 1469728983}}
{"d5tfmdl": {"text": "I agree - it's off-putting now that I've recognized it over several weeks. It's not that the content is a problem, its just the lack of interaction with the community. ", "link_id": "t3_4utw41", "time": 1469649736}}
{"d5sj23d": {"text": "This is a great blueprint for how married couples split expenses fairly.If your husband won't agree to this OP, then I wouldn't want to stay married to him. He is refusing to defend his current position because it's indefensible. You deserve fairness, and a partner who sees your needs and time as equal to their own. ", "link_id": "t3_4ur6bw", "time": 1469591480}}
{"d5sa0h3": {"text": "Your mom is behaving very oddly. To continue to pester someone who is never texting her back is strange and inappropriate behavior. Its a giant red flag that your mom is NOT okay mentally. You need to be concerned and get her professional help. Don't continue to excuse this and think it'll all be fine if your wife is less upset about it. ", "link_id": "t3_4uqt9c", "time": 1469578621}}
{"d5qzhj0": {"text": "You're very welcome. Sakura Bloom is a favorite of mine as well. The linen is so nice for summer. ", "link_id": "t3_4udsqy", "time": 1469502689}}
{"d5qqja0": {"text": "I wouldn't buy any of those. They're not nearly as good as your Ergo that you already have, and since you've got a big baby, the inferior design (specifically weight distribution) is going to be an issue. They all have basically the same design. A better used, inexpensive carrier for you and your husband would be a basic mei tai of some sort. Have you seen a BabyHawk up for sale in your group? ", "link_id": "t3_4uj6kt", "time": 1469491378}}
{"d5qmg9g": {"text": "All 4 of your reasons to cloth diaper are my main reasons as well. Disposable diapers are like using paper plates -- fine in a pinch, but I'd rather use the real thing. How often are you washing? It sounds like there might not be enough \"stuff\" in the washer to agitate the diapers. Waiting another day between washes could help. Or just throw in some random sturdy stuff to wash with it. (But not navy bath towels - learned my lesson the hard way.) My prefolds often get used to do random stuff - emergency boob pad, changing pad, spit up cleaner - which helps bulk up the wash on wash day, and prefolds last a reallllly long time, so there not extra wear and tear to worry about. ", "link_id": "t3_4ujtn3", "time": 1469485771}}
{"d5q7nbu": {"text": "Exactly. You want a partner with good judgement and healthy boundaries. Years and years of drama with that relationship is all the proof you need that he's not in a good place to have a healthy romantic relationship. I'm sorry. ", "link_id": "t3_4ui8u0", "time": 1469467105}}
{"d5q227f": {"text": "I wouldn't agonize over your prospective team thinking you're weird about eating or not eating. If you're eating on-site, I'd bring a small, safe meal to eat. I've eaten lunch plenty of times with my husband and his CS coworkers. They're all fucking weirdos in their own ways, so just own it. If anybody asks, you just say, \"I've got a medical condition, so I'm limited in what I can safely eat.\" Then you change the subject to something more interesting and get to know your coworkers. \"So what's the Pok\u00e9mon situation around here?\" Or whatever topic is authentically interesting to you. ", "link_id": "t3_4ufx11", "time": 1469459998}}
{"d5q17t4": {"text": "She sounds immature, and like she's really struggling with her identity. The Tind drama is all part of that. I think she's 29 looking at 30, and thinking, \"Is this really my life? Is this it?\" She spent her 20s with little kids and a husband, and now she wants a \"redo\". That doesn't make any of her behavior acceptable, but I do feel sad for her because clearly she has some regrets. I'm 32, and hitting 30 was a moment where you have to look at your life and realize some ships have sailed, and your life is taking a different path than you imagined at 18. She needs therapy and some positive outlets for this identity crisis -- social media and random male attention isn't going to fix her problems. Therapy and introspection might. ", "link_id": "t3_4ui4ce", "time": 1469458845}}
{"d5q0iwj": {"text": "Your partner should respect your needs as equal to their own. Good for you for seeing the truth that this isn't a healthy environment for you. Btw, looking in from the outside, I'm in a marriage with very traditional gender roles. However, my husband is a feminist and we got to this living situation by negotiating the challenges together. It sounds like you like taking care of domestic stuff, and I wanted to tell you that that part of you doesn't mean you have to put up with misogynist bullshit in your relationship. My SO and I both chose this lifestyle to meet our needs, and we are full partners. In fact, my opinions on what we should do often gets 51% of the vote because I tend to see the bigger picture better since I'm taking care of so many aspects of our lives.Be kind to yourself as you go through this. You deserve a full partnership too. ", "link_id": "t3_4ugqqu", "time": 1469457893}}
{"d5pet7y": {"text": "I think it looks wonderful. The only suggestion I have is to work on each letter flowing into the next. It seems a tad stiff and stilted, I think. Perhaps try going faster like another person suggested, or practice how each letter flows into another. Really lovely though. ", "link_id": "t3_4uclz7", "time": 1469409900}}
{"d5p1vx2": {"text": "Under a wool cover, I often use a GMD fitted plus a fleece-topped booster. Or snappi a prefold. The nice thing about the shorties is that you can pin the prefold with jelly roll leg style for maximum poop containment, which I often have trouble getting to fit under a normal diaper cover. It's actually really great for summer because they are airier than PUL covers, and less hot, I believe. ", "link_id": "t3_4ucpzy", "time": 1469389171}}
{"d5p1etg": {"text": "I was looking at the design of the Flytai some more, and the padded shoulder straps would be the most major difference. Personally, I don't need/want extra shoulder padding because I don't like bulk at the shoulder and prefer wrapping with thinner wraps. If you're used to the padded straps of a BabyHawk MT or an SSC, that could be a pro for the Flytai over the others. ", "link_id": "t3_4udsqy", "time": 1469388412}}
{"d5p15tv": {"text": "I own a BBTai, no experience with the Fly tai. I think Fidella is \"hot\" right now, but not necessarily extraordinary or better than more borin, older manufacturers.The BBtai panel is a good size, I love the wrap-straps, the hood style works well. And the shoulder bag it comes in is nice to have too. I'm \"meh\" on that internal harness setup for newborns. I preferred other carriers for newborns, anyway. For comparison, I like it better than the Didytai's panel size, hood design, and waist strap. I think the cinching makes it more comfortable for the small baby, but less comfortable for the wearer. The Didytai is not a bad carrier at all -- they're great -- I just think the BBTai is better. ", "link_id": "t3_4udsqy", "time": 1469388014}}
{"d5p0pgk": {"text": "I never thought I would bedshare until I was desperate and miserably sleep deprived with kid #1. And then when I just \"gave in\" and planned for it, I absolutely loved it. Knew that with 2 kids now, getting as much sleep as possible was crucial. Kid #1 got bumped to sleeping fulltime in his own room after kid #2 was born (in a very nice, gentle, loving way, of course).Make your bed safe as you can, and plan for that set up to change as your kid changes. We did a bedside bassinet for when I'm just too dead-tired for safe cosleeping (or if I've had a few drinks). Then when crawling is imminent, we put the mattress on the ground. Just did that last week for kid#2, but I don't recommend it until you're done healing from birth. Standing up with the baby in your arms is not the easiest thing to manage. When the bed starts feeling too crowded in a few months, we will attach a crib sidecar-style. That's a great way to bedshare if you need your own \"bubble\" at night or as a transition to sleeping solo. ", "link_id": "t3_4uclws", "time": 1469387297}}
{"d5p079u": {"text": "I like Hazel Shelley very much, but the Rae doesn't seem to flow as well, in my opinion. Aesthetically, I like Rain better than Rae. Or go with your Chinese name for your new  middle. ", "link_id": "t3_4uderk", "time": 1469386491}}
{"d5onhq0": {"text": "This is what I was advised to do. My 2nd kiddo had a tight jaw, and you can gently encourage them to open wider by providing just a little bit of pressure. The clamping down may also be a flag for tongue tie. If the kiddo doesnt have fully range of motion with their tongue, they may be clamping down to compensate. Painful for you, and ineffective for milk transfer. My kiddo did MUCH better after getting his \"mild\" tie clipped. ", "link_id": "t3_4uc5yh", "time": 1469361737}}
{"d5n5dvj": {"text": "You have got to quit having sex with this girl. She is UNSTABLE. Preventing pregnancy at this stage of your life is really important, and instead of doing that, she lies, takes unnecessary risks, AND picks out baby names. ", "link_id": "t3_4u1gdg", "time": 1469237395}}
{"d5mm0d7": {"text": "You could try GMD's newer (weird) sizes. I love them. I had a 9 lb baby, so it worked out well to skip newborn. For &lt;3 months old I used 2 dozen novice prefolds with small Bummis covers and half a dozen small workhorse fitteds. Those plus all the weird odds and ends in my stash, and a few wool Disana covers for nighttime. The novices are still fine to tri-fold, but at 4 months old, we added medium workhorse fitteds and the intermediate size prefolds to use with snappis. Edited: We also had some size 1 Thirsties hemp prefolds which are good too for tri-fold inside a basic cover. ", "link_id": "t3_4tyuvv", "time": 1469209432}}
{"d5mgaq0": {"text": "Wool covers are my fav! I've never tried wool liners, but you've got me thinking I should. ", "link_id": "t3_4u2v37", "time": 1469202140}}
{"d5mfzsw": {"text": "They were different than I expected. It's like a dense t-shirt material, and I like how they're sewn in a loop. I suspect they do wash and dry better with that design. I just decided I need more Thirsties in my diaper stash. ", "link_id": "t3_4tn3rl", "time": 1469201741}}
{"d5lbid2": {"text": "My favorites are the type of wool covers that come down the leg like shorts. I own a few by Disana. Even if your diaper is totally soaked with pee, the wool keeps that pee from going anywhere. And unless they get pooped on, you almost never have to wash them. You just air it out during the daytime, and it's ready to go again. Waking up with a mystery damp spot in my bed makes me nuts. Wool is more pricey than disposibles and other cloth covers, but sure beats changing the sheets at 4 am. ", "link_id": "t3_4tvcfh", "time": 1469127432}}
{"d5kvin6": {"text": "When you breastfeed, your body releases prolactin (for milk synthesis). Prolactin does a lot of good stuff needed for mothering, but it's also an effective tranquilizer. (You know how some men have a tendency to fall asleep after sex? Prolactin.) Even if youre not sure right now, go ahead and make a plan for safe cosleeping, just in case. Fighting the sleep deprivation and your body's hormones is just too hard some nights. (Source: My 2nd kid is 5 months old, and and I can't recall the last time I had \"quality sleep.\") Falling asleep in a recliner or on a sofa with an infant is dangerous. Side-lying nursing on a safe surface while you doze off may be your best solution for getting enough sleep to function. I probably sleep through at least an hour or two of nighttime breastfeeding. :) ", "link_id": "t3_4tuai3", "time": 1469105235}}
{"d5ku2pp": {"text": "Looks like a large stash to me, and should definitely be enough for a newborn. I think you'll find that you need to use the doublers as your baby grows past 10 pounds, and you may be able to get some extra time before using the larger size if you do. One thing I'd add (though I love Thirsties covers) is one or two wool covers for nighttime, especially if you suspect you may do some cosleeping. ", "link_id": "t3_4tvcfh", "time": 1469101999}}
{"d5kfp16": {"text": "Why not go permanently no contact with your dad? I feel a TON better having my toxic father out of my life. No more anxiety about birthdays and holidays with him, no more walking on eggshells and taking the blame to keep the peace. It took my brother longer to decide to go NC with my dad, but I had to let him decide it for himself. Maybe it's time for you to officially join Team Brother, and decide to leave your Dad his own toxic misery.  The sheer number of past incidents you included in your post hints to me that you aren't sure just how bad it needs to be to justify cutting him off. He's a really bad father. It's truly okay that you don't want him in your life. There's no relationship to salvage, and nothing you can do to turn him into the dad you and your brother deserve to have. He is manipulating you into being a weapon against your brother for the low, low cost of $50. Don't take the bait. ", "link_id": "t3_4tsrha", "time": 1469067086}}
{"d5ke0bd": {"text": "I put just about everything in my BuJo.  It's like a little time capsule of what I'm doing, thinking, kid milestones, etc. I have plenty of silly pages of doodles, brainstorming, quotes, and handwriting practice in between my \"serious\" daily and weekly spreads. I'm finding its sometimes hard to predict what works better as a collection vs a daily entry note. You just have to jump in and try it out. I am thinking that when I move to my next notebook, I'll go back to my dailies and extract the most important events that I'll need to refer to later, and make that it's own collection. ", "link_id": "t3_4t2mv6", "time": 1469064586}}
{"d5kbq07": {"text": "Definitely do a fresh start. With the fresh start, this is your chance to make sure that you're setting up your categories in a way that motivate you, and reflect your priorities. I've also had phases where I haven't been as disciplined as I'd like. I think it helps to think about *why* you were avoiding YNAB. Too much work to categorize? Too detailed? You don't want to have to face the music? Tweak your categories and reconciliation routines so that you're excited to see your progress, and that it's not a long, tedious task. I've found that it helps to first think about my long-term goals. Why do I even care enough to budget? I periodically reorganize categories and reorder them based on our financial focus. It helps me to remember why I'm making all those sacrifices in the other, more fun-oriented categories. For me, being able to see my long-term goals reflected in the monthly budget helps me stay focused and motivated. ", "link_id": "t3_4ts69t", "time": 1469061045}}
{"d5ji703": {"text": "I went into hibernation the last month of pregnancy. I was tired of people commenting on my pregnancy, asking when I was due, and just plain tired of being pregnant. Also the preggo rage was unbelievable, so it was for the best I didn't have to deal with humanity more than necessary. It's perfectly reasonable for \"No, cause I'm 8 months pregnant\" to be your excuse for things. ", "link_id": "t3_4tphlz", "time": 1469021193}}
{"d5jhqli": {"text": "I would talk with your ped and/or IBCLC. You can do a weighted feed to get an idea of how much milk she's getting when she nurses, and a few weight checks to make sure she's gaining weight appropriately. Babies do get more efficient at eating around that age, but I wouldn't be comfortable with a kiddo not eating 8 times per 24 hours at that age too. ", "link_id": "t3_4tplov", "time": 1469020377}}
{"d5iun8w": {"text": "I like the Thirsties Duo hemp prefolds for that because I find them pretty trim and they stuff pockets more easily than my GMD prefolds.", "link_id": "t3_4tn3rl", "time": 1468970956}}
{"d5iscns": {"text": "Congrats on finding a good method for you family. It really is a life-changer.One thing to look closely at though is that age of money isn't the same thing as YNAB4's concept of the \"Buffer\". Both are good lenses for looking at your budget, though. My AoM is 3 times greater than my buffered days. ", "link_id": "t3_4tmmwq", "time": 1468967726}}
{"d5ir62t": {"text": "I feel your pain - I just had to categorize my massive backlog of Amazon transactions from the last 2 months that I've been avoiding. If you were looking at just 100 transactions, that would be painful but do-able. I think more than 500 transactions to go through is just going to make YNAB feel like something to be dreaded and avoided, rather than something that makes your life easier. It sounds like avoiding YNAB is the root of the problem anyway, so maybe it's a great time to start fresh. For motivation, start by writing down your long-term goals. What progress do you want to make in 1 year? 5 years? Then break that down into monthly increments, and you make that the first categories you fund in YNAB each time you get paid. Put YNAB reconciliation on your calendar on a regular schedule as a reminder to import transactions, pay bills, and make sure your plan is working for you. I got off my routine because of summer travel, and it feels really good to have it all cleaned up again. ", "link_id": "t3_4tj68n", "time": 1468966098}}
{"d5i7px7": {"text": "It's about 50/50 where I live, so I didn't really feel pressured one way or the other. Honestly, just dealing with unfamiliar equipment at all is a little awkward at first, whether or not you circumcise. For me, seeing a newly circ'ed baby penis decided it; it was awfully raw and painful looking. ", "link_id": "t3_4tl73z", "time": 1468940996}}
{"d5i7bbd": {"text": "I wash as infrequently as I can get away with. If you're doing cloth diapers too, go ahead and get a collapsible drying rack. ", "link_id": "t3_4tipz0", "time": 1468940428}}
{"d5i774x": {"text": "Just jump in and see what works for you. Think about what motivates you, what you want to improve, and what kind of info will you want to be able to look back and find later. Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_4tle6v", "time": 1468940261}}
{"d5hvps4": {"text": "Turn her predictable awfuless into a game. Make yourself a bingo card with all her usual nonsense, and when you get a \"Bingo!\" you've earned a spa day (or whatever makes you happy). ", "link_id": "t3_4tjeku", "time": 1468912370}}
{"d5h4w7f": {"text": "I turned each person's discretionary spending into it's own category. For our whole budget, the master categories are basically: * Savings Goals (Christmas, Emergency Fund, etc.)* Regular Expenses (Rent, utilities, subscriptions) * Household Expenses (groceries, household supplies, yard work, etc.) * Person A (fun money, restaurants, clothes, beer, charity, grooming) * Person B (fun money, restaurants, clothes, education, charity, grooming) * Ca Expenses * Kid Expenses * Pet Expenses * Irregular Expenses/Savings (medical, dental, car repairs, gifts, furniture, home maintenance, tech gear, music gear, travel)Person A and B get the same amount of money per month, but they can reallocate it as desired. So long as we aren't overspending, then I can spend my entire discretionary spending amount on whatever I feel like. I think if you're living together, it does make sense to have a joint budget, even if you keep separate bank accounts. edited: formatting", "link_id": "t3_4tee2x", "time": 1468868084}}
{"d5h3y6s": {"text": "I think YNAB is the way to go as well.I might copy over certain category balances to a weekly spread (like how much fun money or restaurant money I have left), but unless your life is incredibly simple, keeping track of evert purchase and budget category on paper would be super tedious. The amount of time spent building and maintaining a system of spreadsheets would also be inefficient vs paying for YNAB. ", "link_id": "t3_4tbl59", "time": 1468866814}}
{"d5h224e": {"text": "What an unfortunate situation. Early intervention can do such much to help kids learn to socialize appropriately. I'd keep my distance too, for a few years. There's no upside to being around an out of control kid whose parents are just going to let it get worse. They don't trust anyone's opinion, not even the daycare or a doctor. That's really sad for this kid who clearly needs some appropriate therapists and structure in his daily life. ", "link_id": "t3_4tfgf1", "time": 1468864291}}
{"d5gzvts": {"text": "The PM lotion is cheaper than the AM, so it made sense for me to get both. ", "link_id": "t3_4tcpkn", "time": 1468861342}}
{"d5f7vyq": {"text": "Trying to pre-tie can be really problematic when you're new to babywearing. I agree that it's better to do FWCC rather than PWCC so you can get the passes and the tightness right. Newborns are so floppy that you really do need it pretty snug to provide the support they need. Bring that first horizontal pass up all the way over the shoulders, and focus on placing the cross passes so that they're helping to support the shoulders and neck, too. ", "link_id": "t3_4t5hef", "time": 1468722790}}
{"d5f6oiy": {"text": "I do have my next notebook already waiting for me. I'm going to keep using my current Moleskine until the end of August, when it should be about 90% full. I'm not crazy about the Moleskine paper with the fountain pen and ink I'm using right now, so I'm feeling like I need to fill up the pages to justify moving to the new notebook. ", "link_id": "t3_4t6em4", "time": 1468720372}}
{"d5ej00b": {"text": "Those are both good choices. I personally really like wrap style straps for the extra support and weight distribution. You can also back carry and tie with a chest belt, which i think is the most comfy way to wear a bigger baby or toddler. The BB-tai from Babylonia and Didytai from Didymos are both carriers I currently own. BBtai is better for bigger kids, but I do like the Didymos wraps a little bit more. BabyHawk is a good choice for a more compact carrier to stuff in your diaper bag or hiking day bag, though.", "link_id": "t3_4t2l7t", "time": 1468677473}}
{"d5einlh": {"text": "I think you go on the vacation, but make sure your teen has lots of family time with you and some prepped escape lines for when she's uncomfortable. You sound like a good parent, and are rightfully concerned about sending the message that you're fine if your daughter emulates these other teens. It's a tough line to walk to kindly explain that you will not be parenting like that, while not saying you think your SO and the kids' mom are bad parents. They do sound like lazy parents, at best. What is up with just leaving the teens to their own devices? Having to make your kid promise to not bring drugs on the family vacation?!? WTF, no! They clearly are making unwise choices when left alone. How about making it your mission to engage the teenagers in activities and some pro-social projects? Or at least for your kids. Make it a new family tradition to be a good parent, even while on vacation at the beach.", "link_id": "t3_4szkwk", "time": 1468676710}}
{"d5eg3nz": {"text": "You need a lawyer. You need out of your lease ASAP, and to not become responsible for the property damage these assholes are doing in their rages. You may need to involve law enforcement to keep yourself safe as you move out, including some sort of restraining order. A lawyer will help you do this in the right way. You are in a very unsafe situation, and it's just a matter of time before one of them goes to jail. They are not mentally and emotionally healthy people (duh) and there's no way that they will treat you like a friend as you try to escape from this blackhole. Better to be alone than with these two. ", "link_id": "t3_4szz5a", "time": 1468669441}}
{"d5e1bfp": {"text": "Your parents instinctively know that it'll be easier to guilt and manipulate you into putting up with your asshole brother than to get him to stop being a giant asshole. Go low contact and keep this drama out of your life. You're not bad, or wrong for being upset. It's too bad that your parents never taught your brother that the consequence of acting like an asshole is that people don't want to be around you. And I'm sorry for your recent loss and your struggles with infertility. That really sucks, and you deserve people around you who support you, not belittle you. ", "link_id": "t3_4t0k2k", "time": 1468629837}}
{"d5df5zn": {"text": "How old is your kiddo right now? How much do you plan on wearing them when they're 35+ lbs? Are you planning on having another kid? I ask because I bought a lot of carriers thinking I'd be wearing my kid a ton even after they were 2.5 years old, but at that age, he was so active that I needed him to walk to get all his energy out. After 2.5, most of the time I was only wearing for less than an hour at a time (around bedtime or during illness), and the Wrapsody worked just fine for that. If this current baby isn't your last baby, you may find that by the time they're 35+ pounds, you're wearing the younger one, not the older one. Also, logistically, I find it easier to wear only one kid and use a stroller for the other (if necessary) because wearing 2 kids plus carrying all their diapers, snacks, toys, etc. makes it kinda ridiculous to try to do anything else with your arms. I'm not trying to talk you out of getting another carrier, but to just think hard about your requirements. For a large kiddo, I'd recommend getting a mei tai with wrap-style straps. That way you can spread the straps to support the weight well (&gt;30 lbs isn't trivial), and get good knee-to-knee coverage. I'd sell the Flip to bump up the budget and get a Babylonia BB-Tai from 5mr (or used, hopefully). I've tried it with my preschooler and think it's better for big kids than the Didy-tai. The Didytai panel was too short for bigger kids, though nicely sized for babies. You can tie one of these with a chestbelt, which I find much more comfortable, and wouldn't be a problem at all for a plus-size user.", "link_id": "t3_4syq83", "time": 1468597774}}
{"d5de896": {"text": "The reason it's $250+ is that you're looking at a collector's item; its not just a standard babycarrier by LL. That's not typical of all used carriers. Some carriers are more desirable because it's a rare pattern/colorway, some are inherently more valuable because of the fiber content, some custom carriers have have a lot of hours of craftsmanship put into them. There are some really great deals to be had with used wraps. What's \"hot\" in the babywearing world comes and goes. The longer you watch prices (like over the course of several years) it's funny when you see something that used to be super-duper hot going for $100 now. I recommend going with one of the older, more \"boring\" brands and getting a better quality carrier for a great deal. ", "link_id": "t3_4sxfc3", "time": 1468596538}}
{"d5d9e0n": {"text": "Having a 2nd kid = bumping up your daily difficulty level to hard. The good news is that now being alone with ONLY a baby feels downright relaxing, when before it was like \"OMG I need help, don't leave me home alone with this baby!\" ", "link_id": "t3_4swgc0", "time": 1468589304}}
{"d5cn5gv": {"text": "I do agree that there's a difference in range of motion, especially if the diapers you're using are particularly bulky. I gravitate to the trimmer ones for daytime if I plan on my kiddo being active, because they fit better under clothes and seem easier to (attempt to) crawl in. The Thirsties Duo hemp prefold, the GMD prefold novice/intermediate sizes, and some old Applecheeks inserts that are all denser and trimmer. I still love the absorbancy of my bulkier fitteds and AIOs, it's just nice to have options. ", "link_id": "t3_4svf09", "time": 1468539016}}
{"d5clsuo": {"text": "Definitely the hottest Remy I can think of! :)", "link_id": "t3_4ssfju", "time": 1468536958}}
{"d5c0gpc": {"text": "I'm a stay a home mom mostly, and I'm experimenting with layouts that have both my \"daily grind\" (laundry, dishes, diapers, dog hair) and the stuff I actually want to do. Giving the grind it's own section has been motivating, because then it feels like my day has sections me/kids/grind, rather than feeling like all grind.", "link_id": "t3_4sg7ac", "time": 1468508850}}
{"d5c06pu": {"text": "I like my fountain pen with a pretty ink for writing my daily stuff, a black pen (for making calendars, grids, and my index), a straightedge ruler, and some nice colored pencils. I only carry the fountain pen on a daily basis though. The rest lives in our art center with my kid's art stuff. I'm not sure I quite get the purpose of washi tape in my journal. I've tried it, but maybe it's just not my thing. ", "link_id": "t3_4sgtxj", "time": 1468508475}}
{"d5bzv2w": {"text": "Remy the Rat is from the Pixar movie Ratatouille. Not the worst character to share a name with, but unfortunately, still a rat. ", "link_id": "t3_4ssfju", "time": 1468508036}}
{"d5byqhz": {"text": "I have a monthly calendar for very major stuff, but mostly I make 4 day spreads and stick stuff like that on one of the days. It's either important enough for the big calendar, or trivial enough that I'd better get it done during the 4-day spread. ", "link_id": "t3_4spewq", "time": 1468506450}}
{"d5bxvrk": {"text": "This is pretty much my favorite category of name ever. My 1st kid was born in Quebec, 2nd in the US, and we needed names that fit in both places. So I have a Nolan Michael and a Henry Francis. My other boy favorites are Henri, Hugo, Xavier, and Loic. Loic was the only one that I had to pass on that I quite liked because it was too foreign for Americans, though quite normal among my Quebecois friends. I like Remi as well, but I'd worry about the only famous Remi for Americans being Remi the Rat.  ", "link_id": "t3_4ssfju", "time": 1468505162}}
{"d5bh1rt": {"text": "I have the most trouble with your \"r\"s and \"t\"s. I think just making those two letters closer to the standard would really help readability. ", "link_id": "t3_4sqq67", "time": 1468464578}}
{"d5ajuw8": {"text": "It's very, very angular, which makes it difficult for me to identify the letters where I'm expecting a a rounder shape. What about doing some daily drills where you practice the rounder letters? ", "link_id": "t3_4ski9h", "time": 1468417358}}
{"d5aizzh": {"text": "It seems very upright to me, and a slant would make it more pleasing to the eye. I like the style of the \"g\" and the \"O\"; perhaps pick one or two more letters to do in a similarly distinctive way. I think your handwriting's consistency is awesome and enviable. I really struggle with consistency myself. ", "link_id": "t3_4sj3ag", "time": 1468415912}}
{"d5agr4e": {"text": "My first thought (because im going through this with m 4 year old) is to look at how much sugar and special treats he's getting from the grandparents. Their instinct to spoil their grandkid might actually be the problem. Ditto for busy kid-centric places (Chuck E Cheese, ugh) that have a tendency to over-stimulate some kids to the point of tantrum. Sure, my kid will tell you that he loves dinosaur oatmeal and arcades, but it's really predictable that those things WILL cause a meltdown later, and he will be abjectly miserable. I think it's important to figure out if the tantrum or meltdown is for manipulation to get what the kiddo wants, or if it's driven by some other process. Honestly, time outs and spankings aren't that effective for my kid when he's having a meltdown. Cause and effect only work when he's a rational being. When he's going through a blood sugar roller-coaster freakout, it's more like dealing with a spooked wild animal. No actual learning can happen until he's gotten through it. It's been far easier to address behavioral problems when his diet is under stricter control. When that's better, we are able to do time outs, time ins, natural consequences, gentle parenting and all that jazz. I'd recommend reading through \"No Drama Discipline\" which really helped me and my husband reframe how we saw the situation, and thoughtfully examined what we wanted to teach out kid. It helps you think about it from the kid's perspective in a way we couldn't before. \"The Kazdin Method\" has also really helped us to gradually shape the positive behaviors we wanted, too. It comes from a different school of thought, but was better at giving us practical suggestions of how to implement change. ", "link_id": "t3_4sm1la", "time": 1468411392}}
{"d5ag34u": {"text": "I'm not sure I'd be able to get past it, if I were in your shoes. You thought your partner, who you should be able to trust with anything, has disasterously bad judgement about practical issues and with emotional ones, too. You can't trust him with your money or your future, because his opinions and desires are the only ones important to him. Is it even possible to separate mentally how you feel about the house itself vs how the decision to buy it ignored your preferences completely vs how you feel about your husband and the marriage? You are absolutely in the right to be totally pissed off about issues 1 and 2. I'm not sure I'd be able to maintain good feelings about my husband and our marriage when everything about living in the awful house highlighted what a complete dumbass my husband is. You already know the downsides, stress, and frustrations of renovating. Is it possible for you to weather those things together without resenting your husband each time a new house crisis occurs? My brain wouldn't help but to think. \"This new fucking mess is all his fucking fault.\" I wouldn't even move in, knowing that about myself. Perhaps living separately while contemplating divorce would be my move in your situation. ", "link_id": "t3_4sl27b", "time": 1468409770}}
{"d5afb2i": {"text": "I grew up with a last name that had to be constantly spelled, and a first name that often had to be corrected. My brother had a name that rhymed with another more common name (think Justin vs Dustin) and constantly had to correct that and spell our last name. I think that makes you grow up with an appreciate for classic names.I'm not sure where it came from exactly, but I also grew up with the idea that names using invented or intentionally obscure spelling were really \"tacky\". Unnecessary use of Ks and Ys really bug me.So for my kids, it was important to me that their names were predictably pronounced and spelled for Americans. We also lived in a French-speaking place as expats when kid #1 was born, so how his name was pronounced by French speakers was also an important consideration. That shaped my aesthetics for names I think, because Kid #2's name is even easier and more common for French speakers.", "link_id": "t3_4skzeb", "time": 1468407686}}
{"d5a0m2e": {"text": "I'm pretty lazy in this area, but I love to make a coconut oil sugar scrub, usually with a little essential oil for fun. It makes my skin feel amazing, especially if I'm going to bother shaving my legs. My mom has very sensitive skin and searched for a long time, spending a lot of money too, to find something that helped. Turns out that coconut oil scrub is the best for her skin too. ", "link_id": "t3_4sjfb2", "time": 1468373178}}
{"d59xpr4": {"text": "I got to try out my buddy's Solly this week and it's fantastic. I think the resale value of the Solly will be higher because it has a good reputation. I've never heard of the other, and I've got more babycarriers than I can easily count. ", "link_id": "t3_4sj2f1", "time": 1468368671}}
{"d59eiii": {"text": "Ditto. I periodically put away the stuff I think is in bad condition or just plain ugly in a special \"on it's way out\" bin, and my husband can dig through there if there's something in particular he wants. He usually just grabs what's in front of him, and as a favor to him, I make sure it's all simple, work-appropriate, and in good condition. If stuff goes ~9 months without him noticing it's even gone, then it gets donated. He doesn't have to even justify why he wants it; it's his stuff. The fact that OP's girlfriend went out of here way to make sure that he couldn't easily retrieve any special items is a HUGE red flag that she doesn't value his opinion on his own belongings. And that's just fucking awful. ", "link_id": "t3_4sh6gd", "time": 1468342802}}
{"d59asky": {"text": "I got a Faber-Castell Basic FP recently, and I've really enjoyed writing with it. I just started out with the FC cartridges. Now I've got some really lovely ink samples I'd like to use, but I don't know how to get it in the pen correctly.I bought a converter that was supposed to fit (Monteverde clear ink cartridge converter) - and it does fit the nib-section, but then I can't get the back section to screw back on. Should I just stick to using the cartridges in this FC pen, and get a 2nd pen for the ink samples? There's no such thing as too many pens, right? :)", "link_id": "t3_4sb262", "time": 1468338162}}
{"d59a12d": {"text": "I got to practice my new, fancier \"A\"s! It's the little things in life that make me the happiest some days. ", "link_id": "t3_4sgruy", "time": 1468337184}}
{"d5987t9": {"text": "One of my favorite products :) Yay!", "link_id": "t3_4sgxzp", "time": 1468334606}}
{"d57w1kw": {"text": "You talk to them as if they're a real person? It's not like theres a secret game everybody else has the rules too that we are just not giving you. Focus on being an authentic, nice, open, and put-together version of yourself. People, friends and romantic partners both, will want to be in your orbit. If you just want to hook up, and the dude himself is interchangeable, there's an app for that.", "link_id": "t3_4s8apl", "time": 1468247829}}
{"d57ox6a": {"text": "He is a ridiculously bad boyfriend. Blowing off plans with you to hang out with somebody else is the only sign you need that it needs to be officially over. Clearly you love some drama in your life -- you busting in to get your wine is a hilarious move that was the highlight of the whole post. Too bad you came back later for another sad dose of drama and lies. Get the rest of your wine out of there and never go back. ", "link_id": "t3_4s8zs6", "time": 1468231119}}
{"d57org6": {"text": "Make an authentic connection. Where to start? Join a social group centered around an activity or common interest. Take a class to learn something you think is worthwhile. If you feel a spark with someone, you work at getting to know them, make plans to hangout. Repeat. ", "link_id": "t3_4s8apl", "time": 1468230530}}
{"d57oko8": {"text": "You tell him right away when you get pregnant. Unless he's really dense, he's going to notice the morning sickness and different energy between you and your partner. And in the event the pregnancy ends in a miscarriage, he's definitely going to notice your grief. Trying to do all that under the radar is ridiculous. Yes, having a 2nd kid is an adjustment to any family. I just had a baby, and every person in the family has their own transition to make. But you don't roll this out to your 15 year old like he's fragile. Here's what I'd tell him: Hey dude, I'm really excited that you're the first person we get to tell this to - I'm pregnant! It's really early, so we aren't telling the whole world yet, not until the 2nd trimester. It's okay to talk about all this with one or two close friends though, of course. This baby is so lucky to have you as a big brother. Of course it's going to change things to have a baby in our lives, so it's a good thing that we will have 8+ months to wrap our heads around that. There are great things about having a brother or sister, but I don't expect you to love every second of this situation either. Even I'm not going to like every second of it, so you don't have to either. If you have any questions or worries, come to me or Stepdad, and we will figure it out together. I love you so much! Let's go get some pizza. /endscene Trust that the great kid you've raised this far can handle this and other personal challenges. Treat him like the young adult he is. He gets to have questions, complicated feelings, and should have appropriate domestic reaponsibilities, too. ", "link_id": "t3_4s8svr", "time": 1468229827}}
