{"fuy3d3z": {"text": "When I first watched him, I enjoyed that he cared about avoiding fragrance and irritating ingredients and gave a lot of useful information that I agreed with. But then I learned how he hypes up his qualifications and he really just works for a cosmetics company and his job title is \"skincare specialist\". Like, that doesn't mean shit. He didn't learn the stuff he's talking about on the job, I'm almost certain. A lot of the stuff that he says, I agreed with, because I've done my own research. I'm just as qualified to give advice as he is. If I got a job selling skincare, apparently I would be qualified to give people advice as a \"skincare specialist\". Please.One thing that I really don't like is that he's always calling me a bitch. Now, hear me out. I know when he says it, he means it like \"bitch, please\" or \"you bitches know what I'm talking about\" etc. like in a friendly way, not as an insult. I'm also aware of how the word \"bitch\" is used in the gay community. I know the word is not only a gendered slur. But he also uses a lot of language that implies that his audience is female, and only female. Having a man tell a female audience about skincare while constantly throwing around the word \"bitch\" really rubs me the wrong way.Another thing related to him directing his channel towards young women is that skincare is not a female hobby. It's often seen that way, but more and more guys are getting on the skincare train and it would be nice if a man was giving good skincare advice to other men, or at least including them in his audience. When I first saw Hyram's videos, I thought this might be a good channel to show my boyfriend so he can learn about skincare on his own time, not just from what I tell him, because his interest in skincare is growing. But then seeing Hyram using female-directed language so frequently made me realize my boyfriend would probably feel alienated by that and that skincare isn't for him.I think he's probably trying too hard to fit into the \"beautuber\" crowd, rather than focusing on what can make his channel unique. It's refreshing to see a skincare channel focus on gentle, non-irritating formulas and criticizing the \"fun\" products that can cause irritation or breakouts. But just chill with the whole \"skincare specialist\" bullshit and maybe acknowledge that skincare has a much wider audience than just people interested in beauty.", "link_id": "t3_h9nrom", "time": 1592257891}}
{"fuxwrwz": {"text": "I love how Ulta has both mid/high end brands and drugstore brands. If someone is just starting and/or doesn't want to splurge on the more expensive stuff, they can still find something in their price range.I also like the shopping experience a whole lot more. Sephoras are usually smaller and the aisles are closer together so it just feels crowded, especially once you add in other shoppers. It can feel overwhelming, especially to someone just starting out. Ultas are bigger, usually standalone stores, not in a mall, and I feel way more comfortable just browsing there.", "link_id": "t3_h9cqaz", "time": 1592254691}}
{"ftrscy6": {"text": "Quadruplets!", "link_id": "t3_h7an4l", "time": 1591935245}}
{"ftqbee1": {"text": "I know it is :(Other oils don't work as well for me and usually break me out if I use them to massage. But I only do the massage about once a month now so I'm not using as much mineral oil.", "link_id": "t3_h10uk2", "time": 1591905804}}
{"ftq70kt": {"text": "I use mineral oil for this and it works so well. When I started doing it, I didn't get anything out though for like 2 weeks of doing it every day. But now, I only do this like once a month or so and get so much gunk out every time. It's really fun to see it all over your fingers. You can get a big bottle of mineral oil (plain, no fragrance or vit E added) for pretty cheap.I've seen people on this sub recommending BHA + Aztec clay mask + oil massage as the way to go, but for me that is way too much for my skin to handle and the oil massage by itself is perfectly effective.", "link_id": "t3_h10uk2", "time": 1591903716}}
{"ftmc5x1": {"text": "Also, she may one day need to mow her own lawn! Last summer I was house sitting for my parents for like 2 weeks and the lawn was getting so overgrown I just had to mow it... but at 28 I had never mowed a lawn in my life. It took me hours just to figure out how to turn the mower on. And then it promptly ran out of gas. My boyfriend offered to do it for me when he got off work, but I was determined to figure it out because at 28 I should know how to mow a fucking lawn. I did it though! And now I know how for my future.I grew up in a house with a nice big lawn and my dad never taught me how to mow it. He did teach my brother though, who's the youngest, but none of the four girls.", "link_id": "t3_h08y9k", "time": 1591819779}}
{"ftmb10i": {"text": "I did this with my colourpop palettes! One of them I just didn't like the color layout so I rearranged it to something that makes sense to me. I like to pop out a few shades and put them in a smaller MUFE palette and just focus on those alongside my more loved palettes (sorry colourpop, you're amazing but not my fave).I recommend labeling the shadows as you pop them out though. Especially if you have a lot of their palettes, because there can be a lot of dupes. Just flip each shade down onto a tissue and label the back with a fine point sharpie. I wish more brands did that with their palettes because it's so awesome being able to customize the palette, mix and match, or just pull a couple shades out.", "link_id": "t3_h0d9ta", "time": 1591819233}}
{"ftilarp": {"text": "Also have Mirena, but I never lost my period with it. However, my periods are so light that I pretty much only use pantyliners. Every few months it's heavy enough for a pad for like a day, but sometimes it's so light that even a pantyliner is a waste (just wear black underwear). It's so much less wasteful than my periods before.I do want to try reusable liners/pads in the future.", "link_id": "t3_gzsqse", "time": 1591736098}}
{"ftij1e4": {"text": "I got a Mischo polish in an ipsy bag and the formula is amazing! Super smooth and shiny without topcoat (but I still wear topcoat). The color I got is #NYFW. It's a beautiful dark navy. They are a bit out of my price range, but they're really good polishes.", "link_id": "t3_gznjdm", "time": 1591735002}}
{"ftfddmp": {"text": "Yep. Pretty cool.", "link_id": "t3_gz3mdw", "time": 1591662642}}
{"fteg2fh": {"text": "I don't think I've ever noticed a dick smelling bad, but I also brush off certain odors when it comes to sex because, you know, bodies have odors. So if it smells a little sweaty or something, I don't pay attention to that (unless the guys hasn't showered in a while, that's just nasty).However, I ALWAYS notice the smell of balls. Even freshly showered ones. I don't know how to describe that smell, but it smells like nothing other than balls. Doesn't matter how much I lick them, the smell never goes away completely. I still lick and suck them and play with them in my hands (and then my hands smell like balls), but it's just such a distinct smell that never goes away. With vaginas, it kinda makes sense for there to always be a smell because they're always wet to some extent, but balls don't have that? So I don't know what makes them smell constantly.Also, it's not a smell that turns me off or anything. It doesn't smell particularly pleasant, but it's also not horrible. It's just a smell that exists and that's fine. It's hard not to notice it though anytime my face is down there.", "link_id": "t3_gz3mdw", "time": 1591645352}}
{"ftef09r": {"text": "Omg, when my boyfriend and I started dating, he never drank water. Only mountain dew, iced tea and juice. I pretty much only drink water, so he started drinking water too and his loads got way bigger and better tasting. Seriously makes a difference.", "link_id": "t3_gz3mdw", "time": 1591644833}}
{"fte5nfy": {"text": "I'm on 150.", "link_id": "t3_gz11ts", "time": 1591640217}}
{"ftdzjvk": {"text": "Such a pretty color!", "link_id": "t3_gyzvde", "time": 1591637201}}
{"ftdzf23": {"text": "Lamictal is the only mood stabilizer I've tried, and it works so well for me. The side effects are minimal, I think the only one I have is the words trouble. It's the kind of medication that makes you feel like you don't need meds because you're all better and it's not doing anything anyway. Trust me, keep taking it because that means it's working, lol.", "link_id": "t3_gz11ts", "time": 1591637136}}
{"ftch0e3": {"text": "Omg, I was also 9 when I fell *on* my bike. I was bleeding a little bit after. That might have been when I broke my hymen, if I ever broke it. It definitely felt like something was broken, lol. But who knows, I was only 9 and had no idea what a hymen was.I had no idea there were others like me!", "link_id": "t3_gyitj8", "time": 1591598508}}
{"ftaz6p1": {"text": "I've tried antidepressants (zoloft, lexapro, effexor, welbutrin, mirtazapine) by themselves and it's never gone well for me. I have been able to tolerate zoloft, lexapro, and welbutrin alongside a mood stabilizer (lamictal), but they never really did much. Right now, I take mirtazapine with my lamictal, and it's a different type of antidepressant. I don't think there's anything else in its \"class\", but it has similar side effects to atypical antipsychotics just less severe (weight gain and sleepyness). For me, adding that on made a huge difference and helped me become more stable.Every person is unique. For me, I cannot take SSRI's no matter what as they trigger mania or rapid cycling and make things worse, and I need to be careful with other types of antidepressants as well. I need a mood stabilizer as part of my cocktail no matter what, and mirtazapine taken along with my mood stabilizer is the winning combo for me.", "link_id": "t3_gyhcgz", "time": 1591564252}}
{"ftavuu1": {"text": "I saw that too! Love the app even more.", "link_id": "t3_gyac1d", "time": 1591562441}}
{"ft6hdop": {"text": "I use burt's bees chapstick when I'm out and don't want to get my fingers dirty, but that's the only time I use it (I use either vanilla bean or coconut &amp; pear, the other flavors dry me out).Otherwise I use Cerave healing ointment. It' similar to vaseline but not as sticky and it has hyaluronic acid in it so it's actually moisturizing. I've tried Aquaphor in the past, which unfortunately made me break out, but that's also better than vaseline, but IMO not as good as Cerave.I also have a sample of Awake lip therapy mask I've been using, and it's really nice. A little goes a long way. It is quite sticky, but in a way that sticks to your lips, so when I put it on at night, I wake up with it still on. I don't know if I'll get a full size when I finish because I love my Cerave, but I do like it a lot. And it smells good.", "link_id": "t3_gxse6b", "time": 1591474750}}
{"ft6foe2": {"text": "That stuff saved me when I was on accutane. It's legit.", "link_id": "t3_gxse6b", "time": 1591474321}}
{"ft6evld": {"text": "It was normal for me and my two sisters. I have a very expressive forehead. Moisturizer and sunscreen help a lot in preventing them from getting worse. I'm turning 30 in a couple weeks and honestly you have to look kinda close to notice the lines. I looked at a picture of me at 24 recently and they looked about the same as they do now, if not better now because I have a better moisturizing routine.", "link_id": "t3_gxwcmv", "time": 1591474120}}
{"ft33yb9": {"text": "The \"ideal\" body type for ballet dancers has changed a lot over the past few decades. Dancers used to be thin, waifish, delicate, etc. but now they're a lot more muscular. Also, they probably look leaner from a distance if you're watching on stage, but if a ballet dancer is standing next to you, you'll definitely see how buff they are.", "link_id": "t3_gxhlwh", "time": 1591433162}}
{"ft1wbj3": {"text": "Keep it up! It's tough, but you'll be soooo much better off once it's all over.", "link_id": "t3_gx7wye", "time": 1591414079}}
{"ft1vex5": {"text": "The withdrawal really does suck, but it's completely worth it to get rid of the dependency. I took it daily for 3 years, most of the time it was half a 0.5mg tab, but when I came off it I was taking 1mg for a couple months. It really sucked. I took it really slow, cutting down a quarter pill every two weeks to a month. It took about 5 months, and it was rough. I genuinely got used to feeling like shit all the time. But I got used to that feeling every step down, so I knew what to expect, and the whole thing made me look forward to coming off of it so I never had to experience that suddenly and unexpectedly if I didn't have access to my meds or couldn't get a prescription. I never want to experience that again. I feel so fucking free without it. Withdrawing also forced me to figure out how to deal with my anxiety and how to wait it out. It's uncomfortable for sure, but I learned a lot and I'm better off now that I went through withdrawal and came out on the other side.I was represcribed 0.5mg as needed a few months after not taking any, and I've only needed it like twice. Being able to take it only as needed and stop without feeling withdrawal symptoms feels so great. The reality is that you will probably have to deal with the withdrawal at some point, so if you're able to manage your anxiety in other ways (medication, coping strategies, etc.) then it's completely worth it to come off it when the opportunity presents itself. Now might be a difficult time because there's so much stress in the world, but don't be scared to tackle that in the future.", "link_id": "t3_gx7wye", "time": 1591413650}}
{"fsw3o6c": {"text": "When I had my mirena IUD inserted, I was bleeding very lightly for about 6 months straight. Since mirena lightens your period, it makes sense that I wasn't bleeding heavily like a normal period. So that can happen with an IUD, totally normal. OP is postpartum though, which involves constant bleeding to some extent, and I believe it can last up to 6 months? Also, if she got a copper IUD, that causes heavier bleeding. OP's bleeding is within normal bounds, although it probably sucks a lot.", "link_id": "t3_gw9m05", "time": 1591298114}}
{"fsry3ac": {"text": "30% AHA is way too much to start with. You need to work up to that percentage, and can still be too strong for some people.Me personally (combo/dry, rosacea), I've been using The Ordinary's glycolic acid toner. It's 7% AHA (glycolic acid), so it's fairly gentle. As someone else said, lactic acid might be better for dry skin, but I haven't tried lactic acid myself. I get good results with glycolic. The Ordinary also makes lactic acid serums if you want to give that a try.Just make sure to patch test for a bit, then use it once a week for a few weeks, then bump it up as needed, and pay attention in case you need to cut back. Don't go all in using acids every day. I use my toner 2-3 times a week, sometime physically exfoliate once a week with no acids afterwards or the next day, and my skin isn't stripped or irritated.I am currently looking into TO's 30% AHA/BHA now though, but I'm too nervous to pull the trigger just yet lol. But that's definitely not a product to start off with.", "link_id": "t3_gvz1td", "time": 1591210389}}
{"fsrwjqo": {"text": "I personally only wash my face once a day, usually in the shower. It's always in the evening, but never right before bed. I don't wash it a second time before going to sleep. Sure, it would be ideal to wash off any dirt/dust/etc. before sleeping, but it's really not the end of the world. Plus I already have all my moisturizers on lol, don't want to do all that again. I don't think it matters too much when you wash your face, as long as you wash it once or twice a day, depending on your skin needs.I do think 4pm and 12am are far enough apart that it won't be too bad, but if that means washing more than you usually do, I wouldn't risk overwashing.", "link_id": "t3_gvy4ss", "time": 1591209687}}
{"fso6qiu": {"text": "Dude, YTA. As someone who's struggled with acne for years and been on accutane, skin care is a HUGE deal to me. You do not mess with my products. My skin is sensitive, dry, and acne prone. I need to be careful with what I put on my face. If someone were to do that to me, I could end up with irritation, uncomfortable dryness, or I could break out. It's not just about allergies. When you've had bad acne for years, it's a big insecurity, and finally having clear skin is hugely important. And accutane makes your skin permanently drier and more sensitive. You are so in the wrong here. Not only did you tamper with her stuff and risk her having a bad reaction without her knowing the cause, you took away her control with something that's probably extra important to her given her history with acne and accutane.My acne returned a couple years after accutane, so I put in a lot of hard work to clear it up again. And do you know what cleared it up? Fucking SNAIL! That shit's magical for skin. It's gentle, moisturizing, and soothing, without causing breakouts. Let her do what she needs to for her skin. It's important to her.", "link_id": "t3_gv6rcb", "time": 1591128801}}
{"fso32of": {"text": "I'm feeling kinda meh about my bag, and it's my birthday month, so I went crazy with add-ons (usually I get one or two $3 ones).Bag:* MAELLE BEAUTY Tinted Lips in Nectar - It's hard to tell lip colors based on pictures online, but it's described as a peachy nude, which should look nice on me, but might also be too light or too orange. We shall see.* MARC ANTHONY Bye Bye Frizz Leave-in Conditioner - I've never gotten a hair product from ipsy. I always use leave-ins, so I will definitely use it. Not super exciting.* NANETTE LEPORE Body Lotion - I love scented lotion. Hope this smells as good as it's described. And I hope the scent lasts.* HOUSE OF MAKEUP Nail Polish in Flat White - A basic nude, that looks a lot like my favorite (and only) nude already in my collection. I hate getting nail polish dupes for what I already have. I'm also not huge on plain nude colors. Hopefully it's different than the polish I already have.* OFRA Highlighter in Covent Garden - My pick! Excited to try an Ofra highlighter.Add-ons:* CELA scrub - Don't have a body scrub. Looking forward to smooth legs and feet!* SUGAR COSMETICS Liquid Eyeliner - I know, I know, the rest of you are on liquid eyeliner overload, but I've never gotten an eyeliner from ipsy, because I legit never wear it. I don't own any eyeliner. But I want to experiment with liquid eyeliner, so I got a $3 one.* SUNTIQUE Cica Sunscreen - Love me a good mineral sunscreen. The one I currently use is tinted, so I'd like to try a non-tinted one.* VERB Hair Mask - Running low on hair mask. Excited to try this out. Heard good things about Verb.* DERMADELI Eye Serum - This has some nice ingredients in it, and eye care samples last a long time.* YOUTH TO THE PEOPLE Superfood Cleanser - I like the YTTP moisturizer I got a few months back, and the ingredients here seem good. Hope I enjoy it and it doesn't break me out.And I'm redeeming points for RE:P Bio Fresh Mask. This is gonna be a fun month! I'm also probably skipping July, so this will be plenty to keep me going.", "link_id": "t3_gv5b47", "time": 1591127122}}
{"fskxdem": {"text": "Used to be underweight. Gained 30 pounds in 2019, am now maintaining and happy where I am.I'm not cold all the time! I've always hated the cold, so I didn't notice how sensitive to it I had become. I used to wear warm layers constantly, unless it was like 80 or 90 degrees. Winter sucked. This past winter though, I noticed that, while I feel cold, I can tolerate it so much better. I only need one warm layer now. Just a coat outside, and I'm not constantly shivering.I can also sit on hard chairs/benches without bruising. So that's nice.And I have curves now. I feel like I have a more womanly body (I mean, if you're a woman, you have a womanly body, period. But \"looking like a teenage boy\" was an insecurity of mine). I have a butt! And my boobs are back. I didn't realize how lovely they are at this size, so I'm happy to have them back.Also, I do in fact have hip dips, not just bony hips. Now that I have thigh meat, they're so much more obvious lol. Don't care!The biggest difference though is in my energy and mood. Being at a healthy weight has helped regulate my mood so much (used to struggle severely with anxiety and depression, now I just struggle mildly and not as often). And I have the energy to do whatever, whenever. I don't want to go back to being underweight, especially now that I know the difference between that and where I'm at now. It really really sucked.", "link_id": "t3_gusi7i", "time": 1591055691}}
{"fskbad5": {"text": "Eh, not really my taste. I'll probably skip unless I like spoilers or choice. Since I'm not really wearing makeup these days, I'm not getting much use out of anything other than skincare, which I have enough of for now.", "link_id": "t3_gup5du", "time": 1591044294}}
{"fs8o3u3": {"text": "Just sit there and relax until something comes out. If you want to \"practice\", go to the bathroom before leaving the house, whether you have to go or not. It might just be a little bit. It could be good for your kegal muscles too to learn how to relax them when needed (just speculating, I actually have no idea, but it makes sense).", "link_id": "t3_gsuum3", "time": 1590785937}}
{"fs8nt0l": {"text": "A lot of times I pee before sex so I'm more comfortable during, so lots of times I only have a little bit in there after. Most of the time though, I'm surprised by how much is in there considering I did pee recently. If you just sit there and relax, usually something comes out, and even peeing a little bit is enough to flush you out. There have been a few times where I just couldn't though (usually after very sweaty sessions lol) and I just drink a shit ton of water and try again in like 20 min. That usually works.", "link_id": "t3_gsuum3", "time": 1590785784}}
{"fs09jhl": {"text": "Not the person you asked, but the prep is basically the same. Lots of people say you don't need to soak beans with the instant pot, but I ALWAYS do. I even soak lentils for a couple hours. At the minimum, I find the cooking a lot more even after soaking, but it also helps with the typical digestive issues people can have with beans. Just something that frustrates me when I look it up online. No one soaks their beans. I very much recommend it and it takes no effort except planning a day in advance.This is for black beans, as those are the only ones I've made so far. I put the soaked beans in the pot, cover it with enough water so I can submerge my thumb (about 2.5 inches), stir in any spices (I like cumin and paprika), don't salt it yet, then set the pot to high pressure for 6-8 min. depending on how done you want them. Natural release for at least 15 min, then quick release the rest. Test a bean to make sure they're done, then salt the water to your liking and stir. Then drain. If you're making rice or something alongside, I recommend saving the bean water for cooking.", "link_id": "t3_grk6v8", "time": 1590605871}}
{"frzwzuy": {"text": "I am thinking that's what it is. It's not vaginal pain, it's uterine pain, like when I had very severe period cramps pre-IUD. The first time it happened I thought I just got banged in the cervix, but I never felt the \"ow, that's my cervix\" during sex. It also hits me after sex, not during (sometimes I can tell something's up during, but the severe part of it is after), and it really ruins my evening. It's been good the past few months though, but it still scares me. Once everything calms down and I feel comfortable not risking the health of pregnant women, I'm bringing it up with my ob/gyn for sure.", "link_id": "t3_gr72a5", "time": 1590599862}}
{"frydbq9": {"text": "Not to mention the implied heterosexuality. Not all couples have a penis and vagina present to have \"real sex\". Sex with someone of the same gender is pretty much all \"foreplay\". All of it is sex.Also, I've been having pain every now and again with PIV, plus have a low sex drive due to antidepressants, and oral/hand stuff/toys have been a great way for my boyfriend and I to have sex without the pressure on my end to have PIV. We can kind of go at our own pace, communicate more freely, and just fool around without any expectations. We both have been loving it lately. And if it leads to PIV, I'm usually plenty warmed up, both physically and mentally, which I've learned is a BIG help with the pain I've been experiencing. I haven't had that pain in a few months and I think it's because we've shifted our focus on what sex is. We can have a healthy sex life without PIV and only \"foreplay\".", "link_id": "t3_gr72a5", "time": 1590561247}}
{"frmhwy8": {"text": "It really bothers me how the term is used today. When I first heard of the concept, like 10 years ago, it was in a very different way. I used to \\[TRIGGER WARNING\\] self injure, and to try and heal from it I learned, in therapy, the term self care. So if I felt a need to self harm, I could redirect the energy into self care. Sometimes that included doing something relaxing like taking a bubble bath or doing a face mask, other times it meant cooking a healthy meal or folding my laundry. It mainly involved focusing on myself, whether that meant pampering or relaxing or staying healthy or keeping organized. It had nothing at all to do with buying things, which can be detrimental if you make that a habit.Also, it seems like more and more people are viewing skincare as nothing more than self-care, like it's just another beauty routine to buy products for, like it's fun. Sure, it can be fun to try a cool product that feels good and maybe smells good, and that's totally fine. But I feel like a lot of people forget that, for those of us with real skin issues, skincare is a necessity, not a fun bonus. I had acne starting at age 12 and it didn't go away until age 27. At no point during that time did I actually ENJOY my skincare routine. Sure, I wanted to use the fun products, and you bet I tried every cleanse treatment/etc. only to watch it make my skin worse. Right now my skin is dry as fuck and if I skip out on my skincare routine it gets tight and flaky. It's not that it's \"unattractive\" (I mean, no one really gets close enough to my skin to see how dry it is), it's straight up uncomfortable. My routine is more than just cleanser, moisturizer, and sunscreen, and every product I use has been carefully picked out after years of trial and error. Most of it's very bland. Nothing smells good, because it's all fragrance free. And it's not very cosmetically elegant because it's all cheap. It's practical, not a luxury.And OMG, what happened to the biggest reason why we wear sunscreen? Most of the time, people are saying you need to wear sunscreen to protect yourself from *premature aging*. Like, who the fuck cares if you get wrinkles ever in your life? You're going to get wrinkly when you age! We all are. It's fine. But do you know why you should still wear sunscreen everyday? TO PROTECT YOURSELF FROM FUCKING SKIN CANCER! OMG, skin cancer is a much bigger worry than wrinkles. Well, you won't get wrinkly if you die young from melanoma. I lost an uncle and an aunt to melanoma, my great aunt had a giant scar on her face from melanoma, and my dad has a giant scar on his chest from melanoma, as well as some smaller scars all over his body from other skin cancers. THAT'S why I wear sunscreen. I'd rather get old an wrinkly than die from melanoma. It's a very scary form of cancer if you don't catch it in time.Ok, I'm gonna stop now. I've gotten quite ranty, and I'm sorry. Truthfully, I enjoy doing face masks as self-care, as well as doing my nails, so I'm all for using beauty for that. But the term is over-used and really trivializes the concept. I didn't even talk about makeup, but that has problems too with the term self-care (performing gender, yada yada). The term has real meaning, but everyone's using it as a way to justify unnecessary purchasing more and more and it has always bothered me.", "link_id": "t3_gpgtis", "time": 1590301566}}
{"frmfg3a": {"text": "The IUD noticeably increases your risk of PID (the risk is still low, but it's there), which is frequently caused by STDs getting to the uterus. If you have an STD at the time of insertion, that's when the risk is greatest, and some STDs don't show up immediately when tested. If you're in a committed relationship your risk of STDs is very low, so it lowers the risk of PID. So it does have to do with STDs, but not directly.", "link_id": "t3_gp8wzn", "time": 1590299411}}
{"frlak27": {"text": "My doctor, whose favorite birth control method is the IUD, actually considers it as ideally for people in committed relationships, especially at the time of insertion, because of the risk of PID. When I got mine put in, she basically cared that I was only with one consistent partner, both of us were clean, and that I was good about using condoms in the past so I would be good about using them with a new partner at some point in the future. I highly doubt she would straight up deny it to someone not in a relationship though, but if someone had multiple partners she might recommend other methods as better choices because of PID risk during insertion. I can't say from experience though.Obviously, very different implications than your doctor. I was only with my boyfriend a month when I got mine put in. Committed relationship is not the same as married. He probably heard that women in committed relationships are the ideal candidate and twisted that to suit his morals. Those are the worst.", "link_id": "t3_gp8wzn", "time": 1590272807}}
{"fraeu81": {"text": "Eh, I kinda think that would make it worse? I don't know what a good solution would be, but I think a palette that's benefiting covid relief with the name \"cremated\" would be even more insensitive.", "link_id": "t3_gnepis", "time": 1590017761}}
{"fr9tj5n": {"text": "I could have sworn Alton Brown said the only unitasker he has is a garlic press....", "link_id": "t3_gn8blb", "time": 1590003427}}
{"fr9sgtb": {"text": "I think it gets hyped up too much for what it is. I love mine though, but I don't love it for being \"instant\", because it's really not. And most recipes I find online are not that good, like ingredients, flavor, etc. or the cooking times are off, which is annoying. I honestly think a lot of the hype comes from people without much cooking experience...The thing that I love about it though is that I can \"set it and forget it\". Most of my recipes can be made easily on the stove, but then I'd have to watch the stove for an hour or more so things don't boil over, etc. With the IP, I just throw my stuff in the pot, press some buttons, and go do whatever I want. I can take a shower while my dinner's cooking, walk the dog, run a quick errand (still makes me nervous to leave the house while it's cooking though) and then eat when it's done.", "link_id": "t3_gn8blb", "time": 1590002936}}
{"fr2d5ml": {"text": "Squats. I can only go all the way down with my heels lifted, otherwise I can only go to \"sitting in a chair\" height. I have short achilles tendons so I can't get my knees that far forward without having to lift my heels. So when I try to do a squat with my heels down, my weight is too far back and I can't balance to save my life. Is there some secret to this that I'm unaware of? My background is dance so I've done plies/grande plies since I was four (given those are with rotation and you lift your heels most of the time in grand plie), I can do so many moves that show I have the hips/core to do a squat, but I cannot do a squat! I do them assisted, but I can't figure out how to do them unassisted. Ugh.Any tips?", "link_id": "t3_gm6jsu", "time": 1589835243}}
{"fqyh9oj": {"text": "It is a good product and gets a lot of rave reviews on this sub for a reason, but it is pretty hardcore. If your skin is oily, you'll probably like it a lot. But if your skin is dry or sensitive, it will probably be a little painful. I used to do this mask when I had acne, but I have dry sensitive skin. I never noticed if it made my skin worse, but it definitely made it uncomfortable for a couple days, and it never really helped my acne.I do enjoy clay masks though, they make my skin feel smooth and soft, but I prefer masks with kaolin, not bentonite (the clay in the Aztec mask). It is a much gentler clay. If your skin is more on the sensitive side, they do sell plain kaolin on amazon to make your own masks, like you would with the Aztec mask. I'm gonna do that once I run out of my current mask samples.", "link_id": "t3_glkqol", "time": 1589748561}}
{"fqap6vu": {"text": "Most likely. We're a Catholic family. There's LOTS of us.", "link_id": "t3_gh3ul3", "time": 1589222888}}
{"fq93g1n": {"text": "She has 7 bio kids, I guess she just wanted as many as possible? I really don't know, I've honestly always wondered the same.", "link_id": "t3_gh3ul3", "time": 1589184187}}
{"fq88kyy": {"text": "I unfortunately have an aunt with one adopted daughter and the rest of her kids are bio, and she has often referred to the adopted daughter as \"not really my daughter, but you know...\" It makes me so sad. Like, she's just as much of my cousin as her other kids, same with my other adopted cousins from different families. It blows my mind. I am glad I have other cousins who are adopted so I can see that their parents consider their kids their own, so this one aunt isn't my only example of an adoptee parent in my family. Unfortunately there are some shitty parents out there who do view their adopted kids differently and it's sad. So even though it's bare minimum, good on you for being an awesome mom!", "link_id": "t3_gh3ul3", "time": 1589160689}}
{"fq7o7nd": {"text": "Also hormonal IUD's! I've never taken the pill because of a history of migraines with aura and went with the IUD. It's also the least amount of hormones of all the ones you mentioned, and I have a mood disorder so the less hormones the better.", "link_id": "t3_gh240g", "time": 1589149043}}
{"fq5g2vv": {"text": "I think the more expensive product, the higher the expectations. I haven't tried a lot of expensive skincare, but most of the stuff I have tried has been better than drugstore brand, although I've yet to find something that's actually worth the price. Most of what I've tried has been samples and I've never felt compelled to buy the full size. Of course, I have a limited budget, so something has to be REALLY good to justify saving up for.A couple have been legit let-downs though. Like someone else mentioned, Drunk Elephant beste cleanser was way too basic. I don't think an expensive cleanser can really be worth it. Like, as long as it cleans your face without wrecking it, you're good. There's so many drugstore options for cleansers that you're bound to find something that works for a much more reasonable price/oz. However, I tried their protini moisturizer and loved it, and if I had the expendable cash for it I'd probably buy the full size, but I'm not gonna save up for it.One that I was straight up disappointed in was Tatcha water cream. Everyone's talking about that stuff and raving about it. I got a sample in ipsy a couple months ago and it was seriously super basic and nothing special. Also, it broke me out. But even if it didn't break me out, it didn't moisturize any better than my vanicream lite lotion. I was hugely let down. I have no idea where the hype is coming from.I've also tried a handful of Estee Lauder products that my mom gets as gifts with purchase. All of the products feel nice applied and make my skin a little nicer, but they're all heavily fragranced. I don't do fragrance in my skincare, and if I use fragranced products regularly I get some pretty deep cysts. I understand that with higher end skincare, fragrance is a way to prevent counterfeits, since the fragrance is unique to the brand, but it's just not something I'm into. I do sometimes use those creams as a light perfume though. I've been doing that since I was like 13 (am 29 now).", "link_id": "t3_ggpjp6", "time": 1589104046}}
{"fq2wg30": {"text": "So ovulation is stimulated by a high amount of estrogen but a low amount of progesterone. Google \"female menstrual cycle\" and look at the graphs that pop up. So when the estrogen is at the highest point but progesterone is still low, the woman's body will release two more hormones, FSH and LH which stimulate ovulation.Because the pill has a constant dose of estrogen and progesterone, you never get that curve over time where estrogen is peaking but progesterone is still low. Both hormones are constant. So ovulation won't occur. Ovulation needs the gradual rise in estrogen, so the sugar pill week won't allow that to happen because estrogen will immediately drop.The cycle is quite complicated actually.", "link_id": "t3_ggflih", "time": 1589060558}}
{"fq2nub4": {"text": "Oh yeah, it was unreal. And I'm sure it was very memorable for the 3 high school boys who were a part of it.", "link_id": "t3_ggflih", "time": 1589057931}}
{"fq29385": {"text": "I've read that the \"sync up\" isn't really a thing related to closeness, like family or friends. It's apparently more like when your windshield wipers sync to the song you're listening to, or when your turn signal syncs to the turn signal in front of you. It happens, and when it does it's cool, but if you wait a while they both go back to their own rhythms because they aren't exactly in the same time.However, when I did the musical one year at my all-girls high school, during tech week (i.e. at school till 9-10pm) practically all of us got our period. Including the director, who at one point straight up yelled at some people, which she never does. The stage managers turned very power hungry and snippy, the tech crew wouldn't let any actors in the room with the food because \"they get to eat first\", while me and three friends only had one break in the show and we were STARVING. One of those girls passed out later. A few of the actors started crying for small reasons. Every time there was a break for notes, half of us doubled over and groaned. It was a mess. And the three guys we had in the show were total saints and super nice to everyone. This was like at least 20 people getting it at the same time. Almost too crazy to be a coincidence.Okay, maybe the stress of putting on a show caused some of us to get it early, some people to get it late, etc. so it could have just been coincidence, but still crazy.", "link_id": "t3_ggflih", "time": 1589053932}}
{"fq25mw8": {"text": "The period/bleeding happens when there's a drop in estrogen and progesterone. Whether ovulation happens or not, this drop will happen and that's what makes your uterus shed the lining and bleed, regardless of whether or not ovulation happened. A good example of this is women who take birth control pills. The pill prevents ovulation from happening, but during the sugar pill week, you're no longer getting the hormones from the pill so you get your period.However, it's not really considered a \"true period\" unless ovulation occurs, but from the outside it looks just like a period so might as well call it that.", "link_id": "t3_ggflih", "time": 1589053047}}
{"fpyiica": {"text": "Good point, I didn\u2019t even think to mention that. I myself don\u2019t do it because I have fine hair. Oops.When I was younger though, my mom (who has always done the boar bristle brush thing) got me a brush for fine hair. The bristles were way softer and I remember liking it a lot, so that can be an option for fine-haired folk.", "link_id": "t3_gg09q1", "time": 1589004483}}
{"fpx2qya": {"text": "You should look into getting a boar bristle brush! They're designed to bring the oils from the root down the shaft. It is actually good for your hair to redistribute the oils this way. Not gross at all!", "link_id": "t3_gg09q1", "time": 1588974564}}
{"fpx1kot": {"text": "I have bipolar 2 and am recovering from a restrictive eating disorder. They can influence each other, but for the most part I experience the two as separate issues. I don't really consider diet changes related to bipolar disorder to be a part of my eating disorder. When I'm hypo, I forget to eat or feel like I don't need food, and when I'm depressed I lose my appetite and just don't feel like eating. Those are just symptoms of hypomania and depression though, not symptoms of an eating disorder.Eating disorders are constant and, for me, have a lot to do with control. My mood would effect my thoughts about my eating disorder, however. If I was hypo, I would just think \"I don't have an eating disorder, I'm just super healthy! If I'm not hungry, I don't need to eat anyway. Everything's fine!\" and if I was depressed, I would think that I wasn't doing a good enough job at controlling, didn't deserve food, or that I was in way over my head and I would never recover from this thing. So the bipolar disorder didn't really change my eating disorder habits, but it made me view the issue differently depending on if I was hypomanic or depressed.I've made a lot of progress with the eating disorder over the past year and a half and it doesn't bother me much anymore. I used to be very underweight, but now I'm at a healthy weight and eat enough calories to maintain my weight. My bipolar disorder is also a lot more stable right now, and part of the reason that both are more stable is the medication I'm on. One of my meds does increase appetite, and it helps with chronic anxiety and depression. So I was able to eat more and gain weight without worrying excessively about my food or how my body would change, or feeling hopeless about whether or not I'd recover and be healthy, and my bipolar disorder was more stabilized. Managing both issues still requires mental work, but the medication helped a lot. I still have some occasional negative thoughts about food, but I'm better able to work around those thoughts in my mind. So when it comes to recovery, I think I needed to tackle both issues to be successful. But they are two distinct illnesses to me.", "link_id": "t3_gftmhn", "time": 1588973929}}
{"fpu1fyn": {"text": "Since you're starting from scratch and, in your own words, don't even know how to work a stove, learn to boil water. You just need a pot and some water. Put it on the stove and turn it to the highest setting. Watch the pot and notice what happens to the water. Once it reaches a rolling boil, lower the heat and bring the water to a simmer. This will teach you how to use your stove. You'll have to play with it a bit to keep the water at a constant simmer, so you'll learn how your individual stove works and how to respond when the pot is too hot/too cold. If you don't know what boiling water vs. simmering water looks like, check it out on youtube. Also, plenty of recipes use boil and simmer, like soups, pasta, and rice.For actual food cooking, I recommend learning pasta first, especially if you now know how to boil and simmer water. For pasta, you need a big enough pot to allow the pasta to move freely in the water, a spoon to stir it, and a colander to drain it. Bigger is better, I find, even if it takes longer for the water to boil. SALT THE WATER! I like to just pour it in my palm before dumping in the salt. You can decide after if you want more or less salt next time. Once the water is boiling, dump in the pasta. A whole box will make a lot of pasta, so maybe start with half a box until you get your technique down. Stir it so it doesn't clump. Bring the water to a simmer and let it simmer, like, 10 minutes, stirring like twice in that time. Taste the pasta (pull out a piece and let it cool). Is it too hard? Keep cooking it. Is just right? Drain it. Is it too soft? Drain it and learn for next time. And it's up to you how hard/soft you like your pasta.Next thing to try would be eggs. You just need a NONSTICK frying pan and a spatula, some oil or butter, salt, pepper, and eggs. Eggs cook really fast, so you don't have to be too patient, and they require your attention so you really learn how to respond to your food cooking. Also, if you've never cracked an egg, learning how to do that and how to pick out any shells is very useful. Scrambled is the easiest, and there's so many different ways to scramble eggs that your \"mistake\" might be someone else's preferred way of doing it. Then, when you're ready, try fried or an omelet.And then there's simply making your food without cooking. Buy a rotisserie chicken and a baguette from the grocery store and have that for dinner with a pre-made salad. Make a sandwich with some deli meat and cheese. Buy some frozen pizza and bake that for dinner. You might want to familiarize yourself with the grocery store and make it more routine to get your food there instead of eating out. Also, if you've never prepared your own vegetables, make it a point to pick out 1 or 2 vegetables every week and learn how to prepare them. Learn to peel carrots, scrub potatoes, or dice an onion. All of those techniques will help make it easier to cook in the future.It can be overwhelming because cooking involves so many things, but you can start with any of the things I mentioned and build from there. Take the time to learn each thing and build confidence with that skill. You don't have to do it all. Mistakes will probably be made, but you learn from them. And when you succeed, you get to eat it! It's very rewarding when you get the hang of it.", "link_id": "t3_gf9gl5", "time": 1588902626}}
{"fpss8w0": {"text": "It's the 3oz tube. I got scared for a second there, lol, because I really like the tube packaging vs. the jar. 3oz is plenty with this stuff, it lasts quite a long time.", "link_id": "t3_geuh9t", "time": 1588878749}}
{"fpq3g5b": {"text": "Essie bikini so teeny! It\u2019s more of a purplish blue/periwinkle color. It\u2019s my favorite nail polish. The formula is really nice too.", "link_id": "t3_geuh9t", "time": 1588814400}}
{"fpps4ys": {"text": "Ooh, nice, might do that! Thanks!", "link_id": "t3_geuh9t", "time": 1588808088}}
{"fpppbew": {"text": "Very true, but then I'd run into a storage issue. I don't have a beauty spatula so scraping it out won't be very sanitary, and if I keep it in the tube I know I'll drop it and get lint inside or something (I already knock this over at least once a day lol). Since I already have my replacement, I'll be moving on!", "link_id": "t3_geuh9t", "time": 1588806548}}
{"fppnty6": {"text": "My HG lip mask, Cerave Healing Ointment! I put this on my lips every night before bed and it keeps my lips soft. I rarely wear lip balm during the day actually, this stuff works that well. I sometimes use it on my face too if I\u2019m especially dry. Way less sticky than vaseline or aquaphor and, for me, works way better.This took 3 years to pan, so extremely good value. I thought I was gonna run out 3 or 4 months ago, so I\u2019ve had my replacement waiting for me. So excited to open up a new tube!", "link_id": "t3_geuh9t", "time": 1588805749}}
{"fpmb9k2": {"text": "I don't know from experience, but some are saying they do, but sometimes they don't. Don't feel guilty though! It happens. Hopefully they do in your case, since it's just two orders.", "link_id": "t3_ge43ra", "time": 1588729361}}
{"fplyzlv": {"text": "I hope not. I prefer seeing products with my own eyes at least rather than looking at pictures online. There's been so many times I thought I wanted something only to see it in stores and think \"no thanks\". And vice versa. They'll probably have to do something different with testers, maybe have an employee apply the swatch for you or you have to ask them for the tester or something.I just would hate to buy all my makeup online.", "link_id": "t3_ge43ra", "time": 1588722215}}
{"fplybxj": {"text": "TBF, she does specify in a comment that she had money set aside for these purchases. So she's probably just privileged.I mean, really, 14 separate purchases in two hours, she's not even thinking about what's in her cart before checking out. And constantly saying \"they consolidate the orders anyway, it's not wasteful\" just confirms that she's expecting them to do all the work for her.", "link_id": "t3_ge43ra", "time": 1588721841}}
{"fph09pj": {"text": "I've had pretty good luck with it actually. I don't use it alone, I only use it after I shower then I put on dove deodorant. I am noticeably stinkier faster and sweatier if I don't use the crystal. I started using it when I got a chemical burn from certain dri and nothing was helping with my sweat, but I needed something without antiperspirant to let my skin heal. I was very skeptical so was shocked that it worked for me.", "link_id": "t3_gczyul", "time": 1588612682}}
{"fpdqudu": {"text": "Actually it's occlusive, but yeah same idea. It traps moisture and keeps it from evaporating so your skin can heal. It's great in cold or wind where your skin would dry out much faster otherwise.", "link_id": "t3_gcmcx6", "time": 1588532386}}
{"fpbn0h8": {"text": "I love The Ordinary! It's totally worth the hype. The products aren't very glamorous (I guess that's where the name comes from?) but they work. My skin is combo/dry, prone to dehydration, sensitive, rosacea, and used to be covered in acne, so I love how minimal the ingredients list is and the lack of fragrance in their products. I got into TO when my skin was already starting to clear up, and it helped get it all the way clear. I focus more on hydration, so the products I started out with were the hyaluronic acid serum, squalene oil, and buffet.I've since switch from squalene to rosehip oil and like that a lot better (it doesn't just sit on my skin like the squalene does) and I still use the hyaluronic acid and buffet. I now also use their amino acids+B5 for extra hydration and their glycolic acid toner 2x a week for exfoliation. I was nervous about the toner because I wrecked my skin once with chemical exfoliation, but it's been great for my skin. It's gentle but definitely effective. I do have their azelaic acid as well, which is good for rosacea, but I haven't had much luck with it. I can't figure out the best place to put it in my routine, and it does sting me a teeny tiny bit and makes my skin red after, so I might have to give up on it. But the fact that they have a non-prescription product with azelaic acid that's affordable is really awesome.So I recommend trying The Ordinary! Their products are so affordable that it's easy to try new things without wasting much money (and they have a good return policy if something really doesn't work). Especially since you have rosacea, the fact that their products don't have fragrance or other irritating ingredients is really awesome. I think you should pick out 2 or 3 products of theirs to try out and see how you like it!", "link_id": "t3_gca855", "time": 1588473798}}
{"fpbl0ex": {"text": "Which AHA? I use their glycolic acid toner but still have closed comedones (I think they improved when I started the toner a year ago, but they didn't go away). I'm thinking of trying their BHA when it's back in stock/reformulated or maybe their AHA/BHA peel, but I don't think my skin's ready for that yet. Always like to know what works for others, as these have been a constant skin issue for me.", "link_id": "t3_gca855", "time": 1588472443}}
{"fpb8u1b": {"text": "You're hair needs to be cleaned, but it's possible to over clean. When you wash your hands more than usual, you're skin usually gets dry and can sometimes get raw. If you use a face cleanser that's too harsh you can strip your skin and get irritation. Same goes for hair. Your scalp is skin and can get irritated if overwashed or washed with the wrong ingredients. And certain cleansers (like SLS) can overstrip the hair of the oils it needs to stay conditioned and smooth, or can strip color. So if you notice an irritated scalp or dry frizzy hair or your color fading too soon, it's worth shampooing less or switching to a much gentler shampoo, or doing both. If you're able to survive without shampoo and using other cleansing methods (like co-washing) then that might be ideal for your hair.Since your hair needs to be cleaned, however, not shampooing can lead to oil buildup making your hair look greasy and lackluster. Your scalp can also suffer with dead skin buildup and possible fungal issues as nothing is cleansing away any fungal overgrowth. So if you try the no-poo method and you just can't get your hair to look clean or your noticing problems with a flaky or itchy scalp, you're not doing something wrong. You probably need shampoo.My hair is fine, lots of it, straight and long. I did co-wash exclusively for a time because it kept my color (burgundy) from fading as fast. I also used to have problems with frizz and co-washing helped that a lot. Eventually though it was just too much work because co-washing takes longer to scrub everything so I went back to shampoo. I liked that with shampoo I didn't have to wash my hair every day, like with co-washing, and my hair would still look clean washing every other day, but my hair was a little overstripped. Then I went blonde and was feeling WAY overstripped with my treseme shampoo, so I upgraded to sulphate-free shampoo and that helped a lot. Now I'm unbleached and uncolored and still use sulphate-free shampoo about 2x a week and my hair looks and feels clean, I don't have trouble with frizz, my hair looks shiny, and it doesn't get as oily as when I shampooed daily.You really just have to find the balance that works for you. Sometimes it's enough to just use a much gentler shampoo less often, but sometimes you need to shampoo everyday with whatever works. If you can get away without shampooing, then that works too, but don't be frustrated if your hair is oily or your scalp is itchy that you're \"doing it wrong\", it just might not be what's best for your hair. So it's trial and error, but whatever works works, as long as your hair is clean and problem-free.", "link_id": "t3_gcdr0h", "time": 1588464580}}
{"fpakybu": {"text": "I wasn't very impressed with spoilers this month and was kind of thinking about skipping, but I actually like my bag a lot so I'm glad I didn't. I'm getting:TARTE Sea Jelly Lip Mask - I forgot about choice day, so when I went to choose this was sold out, otherwise I would have chosen it. So glad it's in my bag. I love tinted lip masks/balms.FIRST AID BEAUTY Relief and Rescue Mask - I like this brand, I like moisturizing masks, my skin is sensitive, I'll probably like this a lot. Looking forward to it.YENSA Concealer in Fair Cool - my pick! I don't wear concealer much, but that's mostly because I only have one concealer and I hate it lol. Hoping this is a good color match for me and that it works well with my skin type.FARAH Large Blender Brush - Okay. Can't have too many eye brushes and this is a versatile shape. Not exciting to me, but will still be useful.PIXI Blush in Beach Rose - Ipsy has given me so many blushes, plus the ones I've added on, I really don't need any more. But then again, the only rosy-toned blush in my collection is my tarte paaarty sample, which I love, so this one will probably have a spot in my collection. Some reviews say it's too dark, and I'm fair-skinned, but overall I'm excited to try the color.Add-ons:HEY HONEY Colloidal Gold and Honey Mask - I love masks, really been on a mask kick lately. I also cashed in some points for a mask for next month. I'm bummed the pink clay mask was sold out before I got on today, otherwise I would have grabbed that one too. This mask seems fun and like something I'd like.NAKED Lip Scrub in Vanilla Creme - how do I not have a lip scrub? I always hover over the lip scrubs during add-on day but decide to get something else instead, but this time I got the lip scrub.", "link_id": "t3_gc4vpz", "time": 1588450309}}
{"fp79qfs": {"text": "Not a fan.I told myself at the beginning of the year that if I don't like the bag I'll skip, and so far I've liked every bag this year, but June is my birthday month so I'm not skipping.", "link_id": "t3_gbmnde", "time": 1588366597}}
{"fp5bxle": {"text": "Just finished that book on Monday. It took me like 2 months to get through, but was definitely worth it. So much stuff happens in the third book.", "link_id": "t3_gamgn1", "time": 1588323618}}
{"fp3r01h": {"text": "I've only ever done a sheet mask once, a few months back because someone got me one for Christmas. Even though I've been into skincare for years, I've never wanted to spend a few dollars on a single use product that could irritate my skin that I have no way of patch testing. I was expecting a luxurious experience, but all I felt was COLD. Like, there's no way for it to not feel cold. I don't find cold soothing, I find it annoying, and I couldn't relax and enjoy it. Also, it wouldn't stay stuck to some parts of my face so I kept smoothing it down and getting serum on my hands. And then afterwards, my skin didn't even feel any different. And I'm dry and love hydration, so I expected to at least feel hydrated after having a hydrating serum on my face for like 30 minutes. Nothing. Of course, different masks give different results, but not even a little hydration? Totally disappointing.If you like them, awesome, you do you. They're just not for me and I wanted them to be so bad because they're so trendy and, like I said, I love hydration. But I just can't get behind the wastefulness of them. There's got to be a better way to do it. I know they sell dehydrated masks in packs of like 100 that you add your own serum to. Maybe if companies bottled the serum and sold them alongside the dehydrated masks that would help eliminate the plastic packaging. I like the reusable muslin idea too. For me though, I'll just stick to clay masks because they always make my skin feel smooth and I find them relaxing to do. Once my current mask runs out, I want to buy a big bag of kaolin clay to diy them, which will be even less wasteful than buying individual pots/tubes.Another thing that's related to sheet masks though is makeup wipes. I'm betting that more makeup wipes are used than sheet masks, since those are used on a more regular basis and by plenty of people who aren't die-hard skincare fanatics, like the people who use sheet masks regularly.", "link_id": "t3_gb1l83", "time": 1588284219}}
{"fozibvg": {"text": "I completely agree! I'm a dancer with lots of jazz dance experience, and I hated how jazz was portrayed in that movie. I also hated the dancing. The choreography was like a beginner tap class. Also the singing. Like the songs weren't in their range? Gosling and Stone are both very talented and I'm sure they could have given great performances with better songs and better choreo.But yeah, I hate how they portrayed jazz. People already don't understand it all that well, that movie just reinforced that.", "link_id": "t3_gaarw1", "time": 1588191141}}
{"foz254i": {"text": "I've tried Buffet. It makes my skin more hydrated and supple, a little bouncier. It's nice, I like it. I don't know if it's visibly noticeable, but my skin feels more durable and less thin. I've repurchased the big size.", "link_id": "t3_gadbg4", "time": 1588183387}}
{"fotmxpy": {"text": "Don't be concerned. Just continue to explore your sexuality with no pressure and enjoy the process. When you get there, you'll get there. And if you haven't tried a vibrator, I highly recommend it. I can only orgasm with a vibrator. But I still enjoy sex (PIV, oral, fingering, what have you) without one. Honestly, it's kind of nice to be able to enjoy sex without the pressure of having an orgasm. But when I want one, I just bring out the toy.", "link_id": "t3_g9gce3", "time": 1588059028}}
{"fosdflm": {"text": "...I love having the outside parts licked. It feels amazing. I love having my labia and mound licked and sucked. My boyfriend can be more aggressive with those parts than with my clit, which needs things more gentle. That's why I like to be shaved. I can feel so much more with bare skin than with hair.People like different things played with. There's so much more to oral than just licking the clit.", "link_id": "t3_g90zvz", "time": 1588028544}}
{"foro5fr": {"text": "Pull taught regardless of weight, honestly. I'm on the thin side and I don't know how else to get a clean shave without nicks unless I pull the skin taught.", "link_id": "t3_g90zvz", "time": 1588015550}}
{"fornw0r": {"text": "I find shaving perpendicular (if hair grows down, shave to the side, etc.) to the grain gets things pretty smooth without the irritation of going against the grain. I usually do a first pass with the grain all over than perpendicular where I want it smoothest (sideways on the mound, upwards on the lips, avoid the thigh crease).Also, it's only gonna be smooth for a day, maybe two. I only shave about once every two weeks so I'm comfortable having some stubble and, later, short growth. I just don't find the irritation worth it shaving more often, even though I don't get ingrowns anymore.", "link_id": "t3_g90zvz", "time": 1588015420}}
{"foks3kj": {"text": "I quite using hair ties about a year ago and I no longer experience breakage around my hairline or on my scalp where my ponytail sits (at least not as much of it). That hair has been able to grow more, so now I have some whispies in the front and no more flyaways when I wear my hair down. I have wear my hair up frequently because I only shampoo twice a week, so my hair goes up on day 2 or 3 and stays up.I initially switched to the telephone cord ones, and those work surprisingly well but they're a little too loose for me. They might work better for thicker or curly hair (mine is fine and really straight, and long so it's heavy). My favorite hair ties are silk scrunchies. I wear them all the time. I only need to wrap them around twice for a loose but secure ponytail. But they also make my messy buns look so much better! Voluminous and actually intentional-looking. And they glide when I pull them out so that's gotta be better for my hair. It sheds way less than when I used regular hair ties so, yeah, I think it's worth switching to something else to wear daily/regularly.", "link_id": "t3_g7vzbb", "time": 1587847879}}
{"fnyrx4y": {"text": "I use this recipe: [https://www.tablefortwoblog.com/the-moistest-chocolate-mug-cake/](https://www.tablefortwoblog.com/the-moistest-chocolate-mug-cake/) I think the secret is not using eggs. The cake is nice and fluffy, not rubbery. There are some variations on the site, no banana though, but maybe you can take some inspiration from the variations and experiment to make your own recipe.", "link_id": "t3_g4ojrh", "time": 1587373372}}
{"fnum7e2": {"text": "I got some (men's) flannel shirts for my boyfriend for christmas, and grabbed one in a small for myself. It's exactly what I've been looking for in a flannel. I don't have a women's flannel to compare, but their men's flannels are great quality. Very warm, actual flannel, and the fit works on my frame even though it's a men's. Plus I got them for $15 each on sale. Definitely wait around for sales.", "link_id": "t3_g3wocz", "time": 1587265446}}
{"fnidv03": {"text": "So, I got the same nail polish and mine's...purple. Like a dusty purple, but still obviously purple. I thought maybe the photo on ipsy's site was off (that happens a lot in my experience), but yours is the brownish red that I expected to get. I really wanted that type of color, so I'm bummed mine is purple. Weird.", "link_id": "t3_g1lish", "time": 1586978326}}
{"fm9xzpi": {"text": "We both live with our parents and his mom is in poor health. My parents are in the middle of bathroom renovations so we have people in our house every day, plus I'm the designated shoppe runner for everything. I'm more likely than he is to get sick, and I don't want to risk his mom getting sick. Plus, now we're only allowed to leave the house for essential reasons, that's why we saw each other on Monday anyway before it went into effect. So now we're not even allowed to visit each other.", "link_id": "t3_ftu0wn", "time": 1585879121}}
{"fm9ucis": {"text": "Same here. My boyfriend only lives 10 minutes away, and now it feels like our college days when we just skyped and facetimed and didn't know when our next visit will be. We saw each other monday before my state's lockdown, hadn't seen each other since his birthday 2 weeks earlier. Now we're probably gonna miss our 5 year anniversary in a month.", "link_id": "t3_ftu0wn", "time": 1585876761}}
{"flkqwqj": {"text": "The movement of sex can push bacteria from the other person's skin or from your vulva into the entrance of your urethra, which is meant to be bacteria/yeast free. If you don't pee, the bacteria can travel up and cause a UTI.That's kind of the other thing. Urethras are very sterile environments, whereas the vagina is filled with bacteria and yeast (GOOD ones, to maintain pH and all that). If they were the same hole, I think there would be a lot more UTI's. But not everyone knows about the good bacteria/yeast or what causes a UTI. We all need better sexual anatomy lessons in school.", "link_id": "t3_fparp1", "time": 1585246006}}
{"fle4uiw": {"text": "Same! I had a feeling they'd offer hand sanitizer offered at some point.", "link_id": "t3_fo4yai", "time": 1585077622}}
{"fle3srw": {"text": "I got that color in my...january bag? Anyway, it's my favorite polish from ipsy. The formula is amazing, so smooth. And I love the color. Highly recommend.", "link_id": "t3_fo4yai", "time": 1585077064}}
{"fl7qevh": {"text": "I have dry combo skin, prefer lightweight moisturizers so I got the water cream. I like the way it feels and sits on my face, and it made my skin nice and soft. And then I had 5 small breakouts the next day. That's more than most new-product-breakouts that I've had, but the zits are tiny, not those deep cystic kind, so it's fine. I probably will use it up, just only using it once a week when I have nowhere to go (shouldn't be hard right now).Honestly, thank god it breaks me out because $68 is waaaaaay out of my price range. I also don't think it's super special though, the way it's been raved about. It's just a nice moisturizer, but it's on par with my vanicream lite, which is a huge bottle for like $16.", "link_id": "t3_fmz8fn", "time": 1584907168}}
{"fl50aae": {"text": "Honestly, it depends what they mean by \"not over\" their ex. If someone still has feelings for their ex, then they're not emotionally available to me in a committed way and I wouldn't want a relationship with them.If someone just has other baggage to get over, that's kind of a different story. My boyfriend of 5 years started dating me within a month of breaking up with his ex of 4 years. We were actually friends first, I knew his relationship had been not great for a while, and I helped him get through the break up. But if we could have dated the day he broke up with her, we would have. I didn't want to be a rebound though, so I wanted to be careful, but I could tell that his feelings for me were genuine and he had no intentions to get back together with his ex.But he still had some feelings of hurt over how their relationship went, and I didn't expect him not to. I mean, he was with her for 4 years. That's a long time. You can't get over that in a month, and if you can, I would have other concerns about how right you are for me. My bf didn't constantly complain about her or anything though. He'd occasionally compare me to her in a sense that I'm better for him than she is, but it wasn't constant or overwhelming.In my case, I did hold back a lot more than he did because I couldn't fully trust just how over her he was, but I still trusted him enough to continue dating him and let our relationship grow to what it is. I know the way our relationship started is controversial, but it worked out for us in the end and I'm glad I didn't \"just dump him\" because our relationship is the best thing that ever happened to me. So if someone isn't over their ex but definitely has no feelings for them, it's more of a case-by-case thing.", "link_id": "t3_fmiz0r", "time": 1584825582}}
{"fl16wj3": {"text": "I think it smells like those peach candy rings that you get at the movie theater. You know the ones that have an orange side and a white side?", "link_id": "t3_flpmtf", "time": 1584723169}}
{"fkizfw5": {"text": "I find reading to be very beneficial to my mental health. I've struggled for years (the last couple have been horrible) and wasn't reading as much as before, basically didn't consider myself a reader anymore. I got a kindle for my birthday in June however, and since then have been reading every night before going to sleep. Sometimes I skip nights, and it isn't the end of the world. I also don't care much about the pace or how quickly I finish a book, which helps with any feelings of not being \"good enough\" about reading. Reading is just fun and relaxing to me, so I let it be just that. It's helped so much with my nighttime routine and I go to sleep much more easily when I'm done. I think it allows my brain to not race at night and just focus on a single thought at a slower pace than I can think. It's great meditation for me. I've been doing so much better since I started reading again.I hope you keep it up and enjoy reading! I wouldn't call that a small victory, that's a full on victory. Hope you continue to do well!", "link_id": "t3_fiqgx4", "time": 1584232311}}
{"fkgseyq": {"text": "You don't need to be violent to benefit from medication. Schizophrenia is a mental illness just like depression or bipolar disorder. All types of people have it, and most of those people aren't violent. Not saying you're schizophrenic or anything, lots of things can cause hallucinations/delusions, and psychedelics can activate those things in some people.If it's concerning you, you should talk to a mental health professional. They might decide medication is beneficial for you, you also might be fine without it. At the very least, it's probably a good idea to have a doctor and know your medication options in case it gets worse at some point.", "link_id": "t3_fic3d6", "time": 1584172041}}
{"fkbn2yo": {"text": "I got the Houston blush as an add-on last month, and I'm so happy with it. The color works great with my complexion and the formula is wonderful. Like you said, super soft and buttery. It blends so easily and just looks great on the cheeks! I've been dying to try The Balm for years and I'm happy I did.", "link_id": "t3_fhfzz7", "time": 1584036061}}
{"fjhqnno": {"text": "I kind of do the opposite. When I'm hypo and wanting to buy a bunch of things for some new hobby or redoing my entire wardrobe, I go to different websites and put a bunch of stuff in my cart and just don't purchase any of it. I have so many wishlists on amazon that I've made this way (one is for fancy diy skincare, one is for my future reef aquarium, you get the idea). I've probably saved soooo much money by adding things to carts/making wishlists and leaving them alone. It satisfies the shopping itch for me without any guilt of overspending or dealing with clutter. Plus, when I actually do need to buy something, I can go to one of my lists and buy the one thing I need.", "link_id": "t3_fdeidd", "time": 1583353281}}
{"fjhecud": {"text": "Not just you! I hate the original burt's bees. It's totally the peppermint because other lipbalms with menthol in them (why is it so popular in lipbalms?!?!) irritate my lips.But their vanilla and coconut pear are my HG stick lip balms. They make my lips feel so soft and comfortable.", "link_id": "t3_fd7e0r", "time": 1583346482}}
{"fjbe46p": {"text": "Bag twins! Tatcha water cream was also my choice.  I also added on the lip mask. That was my only add-on. I'm so looking forward to the fragrance!", "link_id": "t3_fchldh", "time": 1583191279}}
{"fjawx0j": {"text": "They look like ballerinas to me. The bottom of the stem looks like a pointe shoe and the petals are the tutu!", "link_id": "t3_fch8en", "time": 1583182170}}
{"fjamszd": {"text": "Regular GB:LUXIE BEAUTY Precision Tapered Brush - The description says it can be used for eyes, but it looks a bit big? I already have similar brushes but maybe I'll find a use for this. Meh.SHAINA B MIAMI Highlighter in Guava Glow - I don't know if a shade like this will be light enough for me to use as a highlight. It's pretty though. If it's too dark it could be a great eyeshadow.WANDER BEAUTY Trip to Costa Rei Bronzer - I was hoping for an Ofra bronzer, but it looks like one is shimmery and the other it probably too dark, so Ipsy chose will for me. Hope I like it.TATCHA The Water Cream - My choice! I've never tried a Tatcha product so was super excited to snag this on choice day. My skin is dry but I prefer lightweight moisturizers so I got this instead of the dewy.PACIFICA Wild Hemp Eyeshadow - I have never not received eyeshadow from Ipsy. I like that it's a small palette though instead of a single. I looks forward to playing with it, even if it is just neutrals (I do love neutral palettes).KENSIE So Pretty Fragrance - Yay, I got a fragrance!!!! This seems like something I'll really enjoy. I am happy.Add-On:AWAKE Lip Mask - Running low on night balm and this looks good. Tatcha was sold out and thank god or I would have grabbed the dewy.Super excited for Tatcha and the fragrance. Everything else is alright, not bad. I'm really jealous of those who got the nail polish though. That brand has such a good formula and the color looks awesome. I wish they offered the nail polishes (and fragrances) as add-ons.", "link_id": "t3_fcbyj3", "time": 1583176569}}
{"finoh8p": {"text": "It's so interesting how skin reacts differently to ingredients. Glad your skin is doing well now!What salicylic acid do you use? I've been thinking of adding that into my routine to help with sebaceous filaments, but I've heard mixed results about TO's formula.", "link_id": "t3_f65ymk", "time": 1582567149}}
{"fiisnxl": {"text": "I do agree, it's very individual, but she specifically doesn't prescribe them to her bipolar patients, even with a mood stabilizer (unless they were, like, already taking an ssri and doing fine, she's not the type to dismiss what someone is already taking or wants/doesn't want to take (I've had one of those docs, do not recommend)). She's the only doctor I've seen that does that, and she's been the best at medicating me, so I'm not complaining, but she is just one doctor.", "link_id": "t3_f7xgct", "time": 1582425941}}
{"fih3lzo": {"text": "I was on it before I knew I was bipolar. It's the reason I was ultimately diagnosed. My current doctor will not prescribe ssri's to me, even with a mood stabilizer, because they aren't a good fit for bipolar disorder and I specifically have a bad history with them. Too many times a new doctor has thrown an ssri at me and it's only ever made things worse.", "link_id": "t3_f7xgct", "time": 1582406160}}
{"fi7f8ds": {"text": "No need to apologize! We're not doctors here, just patients.", "link_id": "t3_f6rqu3", "time": 1582220243}}
{"fi7doyj": {"text": "This song so accurately described the way I felt after a friend committed suicide. I was 14 and it was my first real experience with death. This song does such a good job describing the confusion I felt through it all. Every time I hear it I have to stop and listen and just be sad because it's such a true and beautiful song.", "link_id": "t3_f6qlck", "time": 1582219384}}
{"fi7cu4n": {"text": "His version of Lilac Wine is beautiful.", "link_id": "t3_f6qlck", "time": 1582218898}}
{"fi79047": {"text": "Just wanted to clarify a bit about the drug induced mania always = bipolar 1:&gt;The \\[manic\\] episode is not attributable to the physiological effects of a substance (e.g., a drug of abuse, a medication, or other treatment) or to another medical condition.  &gt;  &gt;Note: A full manic episode that emerges during antidepressant treatment \\[e.g., medication, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)\\], but persists at a fully syndromal level beyond the physiological effect of treatment is sufficient evidence for a manic episode, and therefore, a bipolar I diagnosis. From the DSM 5. I only looked this up because I'm diagnosed BP 2 but I had a full blown manic episode while starting antidepressants (before knowing I was bipolar), and I asked my current pdoc if that manic episode meant bipolar 1 and she said that, no, it didn't because it was drug-induced and I haven't had one since. It looks like what the DSM is saying is that if you take antidepressants, go manic, stop antidepressants, and stay manic then it meets the qualifications for BP 1. In my case, I took zoloft for a whole year and never had another full on manic episode so BP 2 fits me best based on hypomanic symptoms and a tendency to rapid cycle.I really don't want to make you feel confused or anything because you and your doctors know best, I've just been seeing this point mentioned more frequently and it concerned me because I had drug-induced mania but no BP 1 diagnosis. Bipolar disorder is a very diverse illness and some people only have one manic episode in their life and get diagnosed BP1. Sometimes manic symptoms are hard to catch too. I usually don't know I'm hypo until it wears off and I crash into depression. It was the same with the full manic episode. I didn't know I was manic until an entire year later. So I'm not doubting your diagnosis by any means and I don't want to come across that way at all. I mainly wanted to clarify this for myself and for anyone who might be similarly confused about drug-induced mania related to bipolar disorder.", "link_id": "t3_f6rqu3", "time": 1582216733}}
{"fi4l7xa": {"text": "By being super gentle and focusing on hydration above all else. The ingredient that helped the most was snail mucin actually. It's very soothing, hydrating, and protective. Once I added that to my routine I started seeing the acne go away until the only thing left was PIE and some scarring. Now the PIE is gone, some scarring is there but what can you do? Everything went away by just being gentle and avoiding actives. I didn't even use niacinamide (well my skin hates it so there's that lol). My favorite ingredient behind snail became hyaluronic acid. Anywhere I could be more gentle, that's what I did. Instead of makeup remover or wipes, I used mineral oil to oil cleanse. Instead of cerave foaming cleanser, I switched to vanicream. And since thicker moisturizers always break me out, I got into moisture layering with lightweight moisturizers and topping with cerave healing ointment (has hyaluronic acid!).So for me, it really came down to being as gentle as possible with my skincare. When it got into my head that acne is compromised skin, like tiny little lesions all over, it made me realize I needed to focus on healing, not attacking. Also I have sensitive skin and mild rosacea, and I went on accutane when I was in high school which permanently changed my skin from combo/oily to combo/dry. I had to flip my idea of skincare to finally get rid of my acne, which lasted 15 years btw. Been clear for the past 3!", "link_id": "t3_f65ymk", "time": 1582143424}}
{"fi31s5x": {"text": "At first it did make my skin worse. I already had bad skin though, which is why I went to that sub in the first place. I didn't know it was making my skin worse until it got REALLY bad though. They're huge proponents of chemical exfoliation, which is great, but acids aren't the answer to everything. But I wanted to cure my acne, so I focused on chemical exfoliation with AHA and BHA. Even though I introduced the products slowly and used SCA-approved HG's, my skin ended up totally stripped and compromised with a chemical burn on my right cheek that took forever to heal.That said, the information I learned on SCA allowed me to reassess my routine, know that I needed to go back to ultra basic skincare, and focus on hydration and occlusives, whereas before I would probably have just given up and stopped skincare altogether. I knew enough about skincare to do my own research on which products and ingredients might work for me rather than relying on their tried and true holy grails, and my skin started improving over the next few months. I ultimately was able to cure my acne without needing a dermatologist, and without any acids in my routine. Now that my skin has been clear for a few years, I use a gentle AHA a few times a week and occasionally physically exfoliate and my skin is still healthy.Because of my experience, I'm very concerned with their emphasis on actives in skincare. Actives are very beneficial, but on SCA it's almost mandatory to be using actives in your skincare routine, and many users are using multiple actives A DAY. For someone new to skincare, that's probably going to be a horrible idea to buy a bunch of products with actives to build a skincare routine when all you need to start really is just cleanser, moisturizer, and sunscreen. Actives are intermediate/advanced level skincare unless your derm or esthetician recommends or prescribes them. But that's just my opinion based on my experience. As everyone says, YMMV.", "link_id": "t3_f65ymk", "time": 1582097064}}
{"fhw4ey6": {"text": "Love your tea set!", "link_id": "t3_f4wpdh", "time": 1581906106}}
{"fhqhzjm": {"text": "Honestly, this guy's advice is not that great. Sure it might work for some people, but I think  this day and age a lot of people want to discuss marriage *verbally*, not just rely on hints. My boyfriend and I have been together almost 5 years now and we started talking about marriage in a \"what if\" way during the first year. At around the 1 year mark we knew we wanted to marry each other, and we've continued to talk about marriage ever since. There are practical reasons why we're not engaged yet (we don't live together being the main one, we're saving to get a place soon) and if he had just \"popped the question\" without talking about things in a practical way, I would be very turned off and would probably have said no, possibly even broken up with him. In fact, I've told him that if he proposed *today* I would actually say no because we're not ready yet and he knows why (I wouldn't break up with him though).Actual conversations about important things like marriage (which is a HUGE deal) are necessary to understand what your partner wants. Unless your partner tells you that they want the proposal to be a surprise, don't assume that that's the way to do it. You should know based on conversations when the timing is right and surprise them on the specific day and location, not with the actual proposal.", "link_id": "t3_f49d8e", "time": 1581804504}}
{"fhg9s8g": {"text": "If I'm on my kindle, I just look the word up. I didn't think I would use that feature much, but I seriously love it. If you run into this problem a lot and it's frustrating you, I would consider trying out a kindle or other e-reader.If I'm reading a paper book, I actually don't usually look up words. I try to rely on context clues instead. The specific definition of a word isn't always important to the story. If a word is used repeatedly, I'll look it up though. I'm reading Brave New World now and the word \"pneumatic\" is used a lot to describe women, and I finally caved and looked it up after like the 10th time seeing it. It meant exactly what I thought it did (\"of a womanly form\" or something like that) and I picked up on that just with context. So if it's bothering you having to stop so frequently, maybe try not stopping and just keep reading. You can also keep the word in mind and look it up when you're done reading so you don't stop momentum.", "link_id": "t3_f2xj2g", "time": 1581561864}}
{"fhdf6au": {"text": "Lol or his picture gets uglier and uglier as he treats his tinder dates like shit.", "link_id": "t3_f23nth", "time": 1581484485}}
{"fhbkmla": {"text": "Oscar Wilde's writing style might be hard to get into, so I can understand if that makes it hard. I guess I like that the characters are typical aristocrats that only care about superficial things, and that trait leads to Dorian not wanting to age at all, only to realize as the story goes on that his soul is what's ugly, and that tears him apart mentally. It's an interesting commentary on the rich and upperclass at the time, and Oscar Wilde got pretty dark with it, even though his career was mostly comedic plays.", "link_id": "t3_f23nth", "time": 1581444211}}
{"fhah846": {"text": "Honestly, Twilight. Like, I get it, I loved those books when they first came out, then the last book and the movie put into perspective for me how horrible it is, and I think most people my age had the same experience. It's fine to read a trashy romance book and find enjoyment in it, but if it's your favorite book ever or even just one of your favorites? I'm not gonna take you seriously as a reader. If you're a teenager though, that's fine, whatever gets you reading, and they are enjoyable at that age. But if you're a fully-fledged adult and you're \"Team Jacob!\" or \"Team Edward!\" I'm gonna judge you. That's the way it is.", "link_id": "t3_f21gye", "time": 1581410433}}
{"fhagwjb": {"text": "Perfume: The Story of a Murderer - This is such a good book, but I understand it's a little weird for some. I like weird books with twisted protagonists, what can I say? This is the only book where I genuinely don't sympathize with the main character at all, yet I don't hate him either. I love how this book describes the smells as part of the setting, and the ending is so twisted it's kind of hilarious. Really great book that I wish someone else in my life would read.The Picture of Dorian Gray - I think most readers I know are intimidated by classics, and the one reader who likes them thinks the premise is just too weird. It's one of my favorite books and I'm glad people on this sub like it because people in real life think I'm strange for loving this book.", "link_id": "t3_f23nth", "time": 1581409986}}
{"fh97l9z": {"text": "Last year I read 5. I got a kindle for my birthday in June, and before that I wasn't reading at all, maybe 1-2 books a year at most. I was reading larger books, 400-800 pages, so I consider that a good amount.This year, I set my Goodreads goal for 20 in 2020. I already finished 2, halfway through my third, so it's possible. I have a bunch of books on my shelf and quite a few on my kindle so I have an \"upcoming\" list on Goodreads so I know what I'm reading next. I will probably buy 2-3 new books this year, but everything else is stuff I already have but just haven't gotten around to. I like to track books and not pages though, because each book is an independent story. So if I read 20 books, I read 20 stories. If I read 10 long books, that's 10 stories. I do prefer longer books so I might not hit my goal, but I'm okay with that.", "link_id": "t3_f1sdjd", "time": 1581374917}}
{"fh960kc": {"text": "Well, last week (Thursday):Finished: **Big Little Lies by Liane Moriarty** \\- Haven't seen the show, but I enjoyed the book. I appreciated how realistically certain topics were touched on (don't want to give any spoilers) and liked how lighthearted most of it was while still dealing with difficult subjects. It was an easy read and kept me interested.Currently reading: **Brave New World by Aldous Huxley** \\- So, this is interesting for me to read. I was supposed to read it in high school, but I struggled to read it and grasp any of it. I enjoyed class discussions on it, I just couldn't read it at all, rereading pages and not getting any of it and giving up after chapter 3. I was not a good reader back then, but this book was so challenging and frustrating to me. Now that I'm 29 and my reading skill caught up, this book is really pulling me in and I'm already halfway through. I'm really enjoying it so far. I'm really looking forward to retrying other books from high school now.", "link_id": "t3_f1nth2", "time": 1581373963}}
{"fguhyur": {"text": "I usually wash my brushes once a month or so. I only use them for powder so they don't get gunky or anything, but I probably could improve on the frequency, especially for my blush brushes because I like to change up my color. When I wash them, I use clarifying shampoo (the bottle is huge, and I only shampoo with it once a month as well) and swirl my brush on a tupperware lid with hot glue bumps and lines (didn't feel like spending money on one of those cleaners) and rinse until there's no suds.In between deep cleans, I usually stick to the same or similar colors for my eye brushes, so that helps keep them from getting muddied. If I want to use a different color than usual, I rub my brush on a dry wash cloth that's white so I can see when it's clean. Every now and then I spot clean with micellar water or rubbing alcohol on a white wash cloth. All my white washcloths are basically stained with makeup now but they were cheap and from wal-mart so I'm not complaining. I have other colors for other things.", "link_id": "t3_f0f7mn", "time": 1581121266}}
{"fgr2m1g": {"text": "I was really great friends with my bf for 2 1/2 years before we started dating, and for us the sexual part was actually pretty seamless. There wasn't a whole lot of sexual tension during our friendship, but once we decided to date and have sex it just became an additional part of our existing relationship at that point. We kind of already knew a lot about each others' sex life and preferences and stuff, so we didn't spend as long trying to figure out what we liked and stuff. But also, since we had talked about sex and relationships when we were friends, it was really easy to bring that quality into our romantic relationship, so our communication has been spot on the entire time we've been together (almost 5 years).I think the weirdest thing about it was how fast it all happened. One day we were just friends, and the next (literally) we were in a committed relationship. We already knew each other so well so the relationship got serious very fast. I had been single for like a year and a half and was enjoying it so I was caught off guard by this sudden serious relationship, but we've just always been perfect for each other, it was just a matter of timing. But the actual sex part was surprisingly easy and very fun because of our friendship and we could really be ourselves and be open and giggly and just have fun with each other, no awkwardness at all.", "link_id": "t3_ezz7c0", "time": 1581036752}}
{"fgnfcur": {"text": "I did these with old pj pants! It was a fun project and I have cute cotton rounds. Also I decided to make mine bigger than standard cotton rounds which I really like for removing makeup.", "link_id": "t3_ezbgl2", "time": 1580943671}}
{"fgcsyyn": {"text": "I'm wearing that color right now! It's a lovely formula, probably my favorite from ipsy.", "link_id": "t3_exoeam", "time": 1580675981}}
{"fgcnefp": {"text": "Regular GB. I got:PUR love your selfie foundation in Fair Ivory - I recently discovered my HG foundation, but I'll try this out. I'm kinda nervous that it has AHA's in it though. I hope it's not irritating.IBY eyeshadow in Headliner - This is actually different than gold or bronze! It looks like a nice wearable color that's different than your standard neutrals.KVOSS fairy dust highlighter in Moonlight - It's full-sized! I only have two highlighters so I'm not on overload yet. Hope I like it.MURAD renewing eye cream - My pick! I don't have an eye cream and I've never tried murad, so I'm happy to try this.IT COSMETICS your skin but better primer - I don't wear primer, but I'll try this out. I love their CC cream, but not a fan of their moisturizers. We'll see how it goes.Add-on:THE BALM blush in Houston - Thanks to ipsy, I have way too many blushes. But I've always wanted to try The Balm so I couldn't resist.", "link_id": "t3_exnz9a", "time": 1580674389}}
{"fg41xxa": {"text": "I have light blue, leaning gray, eyes. My favorite palette for my eye color is Modern Renaissance. The orange-y colors look really good on me, even though I was intimidated at first. They contrast nicely with how cool-toned my eyes are. Muted purples and pinks, and golds and bronzes also look nice. My eye color also looks really good with dark, smoky looks, but I don't think those flatter my overall coloring or my eye shape, but they really make my irises pop.", "link_id": "t3_ewnvgr", "time": 1580494457}}
{"ffyeng9": {"text": "I've had good luck with oil. But if that doesn't get it, nail polish remove works really well.", "link_id": "t3_evsk18", "time": 1580344605}}
{"ffrconi": {"text": "I have the Round app to remind me on my phone, a 7-day organizer so I know whether or not I took it (also reminds me to get refills on time), and take them after dinner so it's part of my routine. If I'm concerned I might forget (out for dinner, eating late, etc.) then I'll put my organizer somewhere I can see it to remind me that I haven't taken them yet.", "link_id": "t3_eur442", "time": 1580155329}}
{"ffr9qwk": {"text": "Lamictal has helped me so much. It does a really good job of curbing depressive episodes and made my cycles far less frequent. Before taking it I would get so depressed I just couldn't go to class (was in college), and it helped me succeed in school so I could graduate with honors. The only side effects I've had are feeling groggy if I take it in the morning, so I take it at night and feel fine during the day, and some trouble with words. Like, words might get stuck on the way out, I might get tongue-tied, forget the word I wanted to say, or merge words together. This was worse when I first started it and doesn't bother me much now at all. No weight gain, no zombie-feeling, no change in appetite, I overall feel like myself. So much so that sometimes I think the lamictal \"isn't doing anything\", until I lower the dose and realize that, yeah, it was doing a whole lot. I genuinely feel like myself on it, which is the ideal goal of medication. It's a really good medication. It's hard going on medication for the first time or trying something new and not knowing how it will affect you, but of all the meds I've tried lamictal has been the most helpful with the least side effects. Just make sure to taper up and if you get a painful rash tell your doctor and stop taking it, but the rash is very rare. I hope it works out for you and helps you out!", "link_id": "t3_euror8", "time": 1580153527}}
{"ffpl1tb": {"text": "I'm only subscribed to Ipsy GB, and only since september, and I'm feeling the product overload. The february bag is really cute so I'm getting it, but I think I'll pause after and only get it if there's something I really want on choice day. I realize also that, while I like a lot of the stuff I get, I'm not wowed by it enough to purchase it on my own when (if?) I run out. I think I'm just at a point where I know what I want, and I think it's smarter of me to think about what I want to buy and buy that one thing than to by a nicely priced bag of 5 randoms.", "link_id": "t3_euh343", "time": 1580097659}}
{"ffoqqpf": {"text": "The IUD (hormonal) helps a lot with heavy periods, and the hormones are super low and localized to the uterus so it doesn't affect your body very much. Once you're ready to try something else, I highly recommend it if you can handle the insertion. It did make my skin break out horribly but I'm already acne prone and it evened out.Acid reflux majorly sucks. I had a horrible bout of it two years ago that, while it's better, still makes me scared of some foods or eating at certain times of the day.", "link_id": "t3_eu9qzx", "time": 1580080531}}
{"ffdf5r1": {"text": "I'm taking mirtazapine now, which isn't an SSRI, and it's lowered my desire without lowering sensation. When I was on SSRI's (zoloft then lexapro) I still had the desire but sensations weren't as strong, so I was surprised so see the opposite of that with mirtazapine. I much prefer this type of sexual dysfunction over the other type, since I can still have pleasurable sex, just less frequently. So if you're curious about treating the high libido with antidepressants again, mirtazapine might be something to think about.", "link_id": "t3_esvv3c", "time": 1579819583}}
{"ffde4lv": {"text": "I have 4 \"big\" palettes, ABH modern renaissance, Lorac pro 2, and 2 colourpop palettes. All have cardboard packaging with magnetic closure. I wouldn't have it any other way. Cardboard is less wasteful than plastic, so I like that, and I like how easily they open and close with the magnetic closure. I've never had a problem with a palette accidentally falling open while traveling or anything.I love the velvet on Modern Renaissance. Mine hasn't gotten dirty, but I've only had it for 6 months. I just like the something extra that it gives. However, I find ModRen just a touch too thick. I like how thin the Lorac palette is. Super sleek and minimal and fits wherever I want it to. I also prefer the rectangle design over the more square design that coulourpop palettes have.I also have two smaller palettes that are plastic/metal. One is a custom ABH quad (plastic), the other is a small magnetic MUFE palette with some depotted singles. That MUFE one is harder to open and I'm occasionally worried I'm going to break a nail on it. The ABH one isn't as bad, but still harder to open then if it was magnetic with cardboard. Since these are smaller palettes, I don't really mind, especially since they have magnetic singles in them. Also, because they're a little more substantial, it's easier to find them in my big makeup basket than if they were flatter.", "link_id": "t3_esx2li", "time": 1579818964}}
{"ffa6wya": {"text": "I noticed mine at 17, right when my acne cleared up there. I'm 29 now and they're definitely there but not super noticeable, and I overall look younger than I am so don't worry too much about the whole \"looking older\" thing. Taking good care of your skin will help their appearance as you get older.If your skin is oily but sometimes flaky, you probably have dehydrated skin. Dehydrated skin makes lines look way worse than they are. I would suggest adding some hyaluronic acid to your routine. The Ordinary has a good serum that's cheap. Humectant moisturizers and layering multiple lightweight moisturizers works well for improving dehydrated skin. Also a more occlusive moisturizer at night (since it's heavy) will help prevent water loss, even just plain vaseline. I like shea butter or cerave healing ointment personally, but any thicker moisturizer, especially with \"petrolatum\" in the ingredients will help. Also, wear sunscreen! Your forehead gets a lot of sun so you don't want to make things worse as you get older.I haven't gotten botox or lasers or anything, so I'm not an expert on those things. You could consider asking a dermatologist about tretinoin to prevent signs of aging as you get older, but you are a bit young for the lines to be related to aging alone. It's probably just genes plus dehydration. Tret causes a lot of dryness so it's probably not worth it yet.", "link_id": "t3_esia8b", "time": 1579729058}}
{"ffa2q38": {"text": "I have a NYX brow powder duo. It's my only colored brow product. But I have fair skin, light brown hair, and almost-black eyebrows. I occasionally perform on stage though (dancer) so I use the brow powder for that because stage lights, but for every-day or even fancy occasions I don't put color on my brows. It makes them look so intense when there's any color on them. Any time I see it I honestly debate decluttering it because I use it so rarely and don't even like it that much. I've tried using eyeshadow for my brows, but eyeshadows are more pigmented than this brow powder so it doesn't work.Also lipliner. It's fun to draw on my lips when I'm playing with makeup, but I never wear it out. I have like 5 from essence, so they were cheap. I figure it's good to have them on hand, but I've never actually needed them.", "link_id": "t3_esfqle", "time": 1579726701}}
{"ff9z10v": {"text": "If you aren't already over at  I highly recommend them for discovering products and figuring out specific issues. It sounds like you have a good understanding of your skin and what ingredients work for it though, but maybe they can help you find similar products that might come in larger packages or have gentler preservatives. I'm personally a big fan of the brand Vanicream. Their products are boring, so boring they probably won't irritate you, and their products that have preservatives have very gentle ones. Plus their lotion and cream come in huge packaging, so less waste there.For the cotton rounds, definitely try reusable ones. I chopped up some old pajama pants I had (100% very soft cotton) and sewed my own. I sewed mine by hand so it took a while, but if you have access to a machine it's a pretty quick project. But now that they're more popular, there are so many options to buy them. You can also just use your hands to apply your products. This also helps with wasting product because none of it will be absorbed by the cotton pad, so you won't have to buy replacements as frequently.There's also a number of cosmetic companies that take empty packaging to recycle. I know The Ordinary stores do that, and I think bare minerals/origins? So you can save your \"empties\" to bring to a store that does that.Your skin is important to protect and keep healthy and if you don't have easy-to-manage skin, it's okay to use products that work for you.", "link_id": "t3_es9qpz", "time": 1579724549}}
{"ff8n7wn": {"text": "&gt; Chemical sunscreen is made with, well, chemicals Just want to point out that everything is chemicals, including physical UV blockers, so this by itself is not a reason to be scared of \"chemical sunscreens\".To elaborate on the chemical/physical differences, think of chemical sunscreens not as \"having chemicals\", but as blocking UV rays through a chemical *process* (breaking down to absorb UV rays), whereas mineral sunscreens block UV rays through a physical process (reflecting UV rays). I prefer to use the terms chemical/physical or organic/mineral because one describes the process and the other describes the chemicals/ingredients themselves. Chemical sunscreens have organic molecules (not organic as in plants, organic as in carbon) and mineral sunscreens have, well, minerals. Just wanted to throw that out there.", "link_id": "t3_eryafe", "time": 1579686999}}
{"ff18c85": {"text": "That's kind of how I took it too, that he's known for a while but she just wishes she told him sooner than she did. Like, if their relationship moved so fast then the timing of telling him that she's trans just got thrown off. She probably wishes he knew right away, but she mentioned in her video to tell your partner soon, but wait until you know it's safe, which is very important even if you're not a youtube celeb. But yeah, I didn't take it to mean that he just found out or anything like that.", "link_id": "t3_eqwcng", "time": 1579476235}}
{"fdoqsm7": {"text": "Honestly, a product like this that removed makeup would be pretty cool. It's bigger than a cotton round, smaller than a makeup wipe, is reusable and fits on your hand. You could use the big one on your face and the smaller one around your eyes. And then throw them in the wash. I'd be more interested in buying that.", "link_id": "t3_emddyy", "time": 1578610812}}
{"fdnz5c3": {"text": "I think it's an interesting product, but it's not new. She's used puffs like this on her channel. I'm sure it works well, but I don't think it's all that unique and innovative like she's saying. Reviews could say something different though.Also, it kinda feels weird that this is her second launch. It might make sense if she released it alongside a face product, like foundation or contour, or after already having face products out. But releasing it when her only other product is an eyeshadow palette seems out of place to me. Like I'm not hyped up about her brand yet, and a blending puff isn't gonna hype me up on its own, you know?", "link_id": "t3_emddyy", "time": 1578595803}}
{"fdnv4ux": {"text": "The Old Man and the Sea is great! It's a punch in the gut towards the end, but it's a great story.", "link_id": "t3_em509k", "time": 1578593470}}
{"fdml6mz": {"text": "My average would probably be around 400-500 pages. Less than 200 pages and it only takes me a few days, but usually smaller books are more fast-paced so they pull me in quickly. Long books take a bit longer to pull me in, but I enjoy pushing through and challenging myself to read them. I also like spending more time with the characters and the story, as 700-800 page books take me almost a month to read. I'm working my way through ASOIAF, and those are 700+ pages. But then I recently revisited The Old Man and the Sea, which is a little over 100.For me, I'd consider &lt;200 short, 300-400 medium, and 600-700+ long.", "link_id": "t3_em509k", "time": 1578554081}}
{"fdhoyke": {"text": "Not a fan of the book either, but I will say that hearing her recite her poetry changed my mind about her as a poet (as in, now I actually consider her a poet). Her poetry recited is 1000x better than written. It makes me disappointed that her books exist because her words don't translate to the page well, it's basically just tumblr posts.", "link_id": "t3_elc3pl", "time": 1578427254}}
{"fdedkan": {"text": "Question, does your crystal actually run out? Or does it just break or \"expire\" so you replace it then?I ask because I've had mine for 3 years (I think?) and it's shown no sign of getting any shorter. It's tapered somewhat from wiping water off the sides when I'm done, but it's still long enough to sit above the container. What is with this stuff? It literally lasts forever!It works really well though. I still sweat, but not nearly as much and there's hardly any odor. I really notice a difference when I use something else. And no messy white marks!", "link_id": "t3_ekuz93", "time": 1578336686}}
{"fcyv62t": {"text": "Bag twins! The lip balm was also my pick.", "link_id": "t3_ejglaq", "time": 1578087772}}
{"fcy6bq5": {"text": "For me, I mainly mean turning off screens (laptop, tv, and/or phone) earlier and not snacking late. I started reading again last year and I like to read before bed to unwind my brain and make me sleepy, but I still watch netflix while on my computer and eat snacks for an hour or two before that, so I end up going to sleep way too late.", "link_id": "t3_ei77h1", "time": 1578075388}}
{"fcy576a": {"text": "I'm really happy that other people have had the same experience with it! It's kind of validating reading that other people benefited the same way.", "link_id": "t3_ej2jk2", "time": 1578074998}}
{"fcwuz5a": {"text": "Mirtazapine helped me gain enough weight to have a healthy BMI again. I'm super happy about it, even though it was a bit tricky to adjust mentally to my normal-sized body. I've been on it for a year and it's been such a godsend for my appetite and weight. It also keeps the panic attacks at bay and helps me sleep.Sertraline fucked me up pretty bad though quite a few years back. I can't take SSRI's so I take Lamictal (bipolar 2 over here).", "link_id": "t3_ej2jk2", "time": 1578038710}}
{"fcv7k86": {"text": "I used to be totally cool with lending books to people I see frequently enough so I can ask for it back (family, friends, not classmates or coworkers, who might quit), and then one of my books got water damaged while my sister had it. It was a really important book to me, and when I pointed it out she just said \"Yeah I know, sorry, but isn't it better that way though, like it has more life now? I love old worn out books!\" Yeah, that book wasn't old, it was pristine when I lent it, and the pages were super crinkly and I couldn't open it enough to read without cracking the spine. I graciously asked for a replacement (which is easy to find) and I never got it and probably never will (I'm gonna have to buy myself a new copy).So I don't loan books anymore. Pretty much all my books can be found at the library, bookstores, or amazon. If someone asks to borrow your book, just say \"They probably have it at the library! Or you can get it for $X on amazon! You should totally read it!\" Get's them off your back but is still friendly and encouraging them to read the book.", "link_id": "t3_ej2npk", "time": 1577996287}}
{"fcv5gp5": {"text": "I prefer to say \"listened to\" or \"listening to\" for audiobooks. I have no doubt that listening to a book is just as valid as reading it, in the sense that you're brain processes the story/material and you take something away from that. But reading processes visual stimuli (words), whereas listening processes auditory stimuli (someone speaking). The end result is the same, but the process is different. Sometimes it's easier to just say \"I read\" though, but most of the time it's easy enough to just say \"I listened to that book\".", "link_id": "t3_ej0pfh", "time": 1577995038}}
{"fcv0k42": {"text": "I'm kinda meh about my bag contents, but I love the bag itself so I didn't want to skip even though nothing from the spoilers really excited me.Regular GB:MISCHO BEAUTY Nail polish in #NYFW - my fifth ipsy bag and my fifth nail polish...I mean I love nail polish but I only change my color about every 2 weeks so the rest of my collection is going unloved. I might have to adjust my preferences to sometimes.F.A.R.A.H. Face Brush - love that this matches the bag! I can always use more brushes and I don't have one this shape so it'll be fun to play with.BEAUTY FOR REAL Tinted Lib Balm in Hannah - my pick! I'm in need of a neutral tinted lip balm so I'm excited to try it.AHAVA Hand Cream in Sea Kissed - Meh, it's a hand cream. I'll definitely use it and this is a good brand, but hand cream doesn't excite me. I'm sure I'll like it though.NOMAD Eyeshadow in Desert Sands - Again, like nail polish, I've gotten an eyeshadow in every bag so far. I think I'll like this color and I've heard good things about nomad, so I'm sure I'll like it and use it. Like nail polish, I'm gonna adjust my preferences to sometimes.ADD-ON:LUXIE Fan Brush - I've been wanting a fan brush for a while and this one's $3 so why not? I was really close to not getting any add-ons though because nothing interested me at all (except the Huda warm brown, but I talked myself out of it last night because a lot of the shades would be too dark for my preferences).&amp;#x200B;So I don't hate my bag or even dislike it, I'm just not excited by it. Looking at add-ons and what other people got, I wouldn't feel any better if I got different stuff. This month just doesn't have stuff that excites me, which is fine. But I love the bag itself so I'm glad I didn't skip!", "link_id": "t3_eixxkf", "time": 1577992190}}
{"fcsaaf8": {"text": "I think there was at least one video where she mentioned going to the clinic, but I don't know how current that is. I've heard people say she doesn't practice though, but I don't follow her closely enough.", "link_id": "t3_ehj4r9", "time": 1577913709}}
{"fcodh1o": {"text": "\\-Improve sleep hygiene and go to bed earlier\\-Drink water throughout the day, not just when I'm thirsty\\-Eat balanced meals during the day, not just dinner and snacks\\-Start exercising again, just moderately (this year I needed to gain weight so I stopped exercising to reach that goal (mentally this needed to happen), now that I'm healthy again I want to do some yoga/pilates/bodyweight and light cardio and not go overboard with it)\\-Do my skincare routine more regularly\\-Wear makeup more often, even if it's just mascara, powder, tinted lipbalm\\-Be better at maintaining my brows (they're a bit overgrown atm...)\\-Upgrade my wardrobe consciously, only a few pieces at a time. I almost never buy clothes because part of me feels like I \"don't deserve it\" or something, especially with nicer pieces that cost a bit more. So I want to shop more and feel comfortable buying myself clothes but only buy things that fit my style and current wardrobe, not stuff that's trendy or trying to be something I'm not. I started doing this in like July and I like shopping and my style so much better now so I want to keep going.\\-Keep my nails manicured. I got really into nails back in spring after doing nothing to them for years, and it's my favorite way to beautify, so I want to keep it up. It's a focused activity (I do them myself) and they last 1-2 weeks, unlike makeup that you have to re-do every day lol\\-Maintain a curated collection of stuff - includes haircare, body wash, lotion, skincare, most makeup categories. Basically don't buy new things just to try out until I've used up what I have.", "link_id": "t3_ei77h1", "time": 1577829557}}
{"fcl0chs": {"text": "For me it's her weight. I've been recovering from a restrictive eating disorder and used to watch her videos and think \"see? she's skinnier than me and she's a doctor!\" which was, needless to say, enabling. I watch her every now and again now, but only one video at a time and she needs to be wearing sleeves.I don't want to shame her for her appearance if she is genuinely healthy, but I need to do what's best for me.", "link_id": "t3_ehj4r9", "time": 1577737057}}
{"fcji675": {"text": "Viktor &amp; Rolf Flowerbomb Bloom is my go-to. Sweet, floral, upbeat and memorable without being overpowering. When I want to feel more sophisticated/mature, I like Chloe. In 5-10 years Chloe will probably be my everyday signature.", "link_id": "t3_ehf5df", "time": 1577688522}}
{"fbtf9c4": {"text": "Check out  for info about types of manicures (and lots of cool nail pics). You can get what's called builder gel to lengthen your nails if you're looking for lengthening, and then have gel polish on top of that. I think gel is a good option because it will last longer than regular polish, won't chip, and will protect your nails better so they can heal.", "link_id": "t3_eeehcm", "time": 1577076880}}
{"fbh2txa": {"text": "I use 3-4 drops. When my face is a bit damps it spreads around very easily.", "link_id": "t3_ed0shn", "time": 1576864182}}
{"fbg1imd": {"text": "I always apply my HA first, right after patting my face dry, so it holds onto the water left on my face before it evaporates. Plus I WANT it to bring water from my moisturizer into my skin. Why else did I put my moisturizer on? Oil doesn't have water so the oil will still be there as an emollient/occlusive.I don't really think there's a right or wrong way to apply serums/moisturizers. It all mixes together on your face anyway. But I get the best results applying HA directly to the skin before other moisturizers. It also probably depends on the product, whether it's more serum-y or lotion-y. I use TO's HA, same as OP, and it's very watery.", "link_id": "t3_ed0shn", "time": 1576829704}}
{"fb1usgq": {"text": "Ooh, nice idea! Now I want to make mine look a little prettier.", "link_id": "t3_eayhln", "time": 1576441493}}
{"fb1uck3": {"text": "This is why I got one of these boxes. Accidentally taking my meds twice and not realizing it until a couple hours later, plus there were too many times I just couldn't remember whether I took them or not and had to count the pills in my bottle to figure it out (and factor in any missed days). Apps on my phone were a good reminder, but not reliable enough. I haven't missed a dose or doubled up since getting the box.The one mistake I've made though was taking my night meds instead of my day meds one time. So if you take meds at different times of the day, store them in separate locations.Also feel better soon! I hate accidentally doubling up on lamictal. But it will pass and you'll feel normal soon.", "link_id": "t3_eayhln", "time": 1576441312}}
{"fb1rpwm": {"text": "I'm somewhere like you. I don't really see the point in having multiple base products, unless your skin changes from spring/summer to fall/winter. I don't need to play with new foundation every day. I just bought a new face powder because my last one was starting to smell funny, but it had a huge pan so I don't feel bad about it. Mascara is something I don't like to have multiple open because they need to be replaced so frequently. I only have 4 eyeshadow palettes and a build-your-own quad, plus some singles from ipsy. For blush, I've got a handful, but most are travel sized. Bronzer I have a travel size and two that are in palettes (but I don't like them). Lips, I probably have just less than 20, even after decluttering a few months ago. That includes lipstick, lip liner, and lip gloss. I don't mind having a variety of color cosmetics (eyeshadow, blush, lips) because that's where my variety comes from. Other products, I only really need one.I'm also on a budget so most of my makeup is drugstore, but I will splurge on eyeshadow and foundation. I WILL NOT buy non-drugstore mascara. I just don't see the point if I have to replace it so soon. I also subscribed to ipsy a few months ago to help with the \"need new stuff\" itch, and it's definitely helped me in that sense. I get to play with new stuff every month without spending a lot of money. But 4 months in and I'm starting to feel a bit overwhelmed with the amount of new makeup I have. I might have to cancel soon because I do not want a \"maximalist\" collection. I also don't want a \"minimalist\" collection either. I want enough to have variety but little enough to enjoy and get use out of everything I have.", "link_id": "t3_eb2p8a", "time": 1576440259}}
{"fay8xi3": {"text": "I don't currently, but about 7 years ago, I met this guy five minutes before my geology class. We were both early and started chatting outside the classroom waiting for the other class to finish. We instantly became friends and sat next to each other in class, just chatting until class officially started. After class, we had lab, and we sat next to each other and were lab partners. After lab, some guy who was much older than me came up to me and started asking me questions in a very pushy way that gave me bad vibes (I found out later he had just spent 10 years in prison and he later got kicked out of the school for cheating, so bad vibes were confirmed) and I felt a lot of pressure to just be polite because we were classmates and all. Then my new friend turns to me and says, \"You ready to go?\" And I was so relieved and grabbed my stuff and walked out with him. He said it looked like that guy was making me uncomfortable and I thanked him for saving my ass. Then we chatted some more before he had to go to his next class.Btw, I wasn't romantically interested in him at the time. In like our first conversation he said he had a girlfriend, and he seemed to really enjoy his relationship, so I felt very comfortable that he just wanted friendship from me. It made it easier for us to be fast friends because I knew he didn't have any ulterior motive.We spent the rest of the semester chatting as much as possible before/in-between/after class, exchanged numbers and texted frequently, and were just attached at the hip right away. Very quickly into our friendship I felt like he would be in my life for a long time. Like a REALLY long time. And I had a feeling if he was single he and I would have started dating as soon as we met. The more I got to know him the more I felt like a relationship with him would be so easy and effortless because we just got along so well. I also knew it would be very serious, not just a few months of fun. But the timing was not right when we met, and I'm glad that it wasn't because we just made such good friends. Neither of us were \"friend-zoned\" I would say. We just valued each other's friendship and didn't require more than that. But I still always had a feeling we would get together if the timing was ever right.Fast forward two years or so, it's clear to me that his relationship with his girlfriend is not going well. I don't need to explain, but he needed to get out. It took me a while to muster up the courage to tell him his relationship was over in a way that wasn't pushy because he needed to decide that himself. I was very scared our friendship would be compromised if it sounded like I was telling him what to do because it kind of wasn't my place. After our conversation, he said I was the first friend to even care enough to have that uncomfortable discussion with him. He knew he needed to end it, but they had been together 4 years and that's hard to do. We decided to play some truth or dare to lighten the mood. We kept it PG obviously, and then I asked him \"Truth: if you had been single when we met would you have asked me out\" and he said \"Oh yeah, in a heartbeat, you're fucking gorgeous\" and the rest of the night went the way that it did.We were suddenly very into each other and he hadn't broken up with his girlfriend yet. What happened was definitely emotional cheating and I knew this was either very serious or a rebound. I hoped very much that I wasn't a rebound because we were such good friends and I'd already lost a good friend to a fling and didn't want to go through that again, but I was in too deep after just one night. There were two more nights of emotional cheating before I said \"We can't keep this up as long as you're still with her. I want a relationship with you and I wouldn't want you to be doing this with someone else while you're with me, so we need to stop until you break up\". A week later she finally answered her phone and they broke up. And then he and I were locked in to each other.That was about 4 years ago and we're still together. We make such a good team and our relationship is really effortless. It still requires work like all relationships, but it doesn't feel like work because it's just what we want to do. We've had some crazy ups and downs, we've both grown a lot in different ways, but we're still just as perfect for each other as we were the day we met. I didn't even need geology for anything, I just needed 4 more credits to be considered full time, so I took a random lab science. Best decision of my life.", "link_id": "t3_eatl3e", "time": 1576396767}}
{"fal8u5m": {"text": "Same. My bf of 4.5 years said it about a month in. Thing is, he had just broken up with his ex after being with her for 4 years, so I wasn't sure if I was just a rebound or not. He told me he wanted to say it sooner than that, like as soon as we started going out (like 2 weeks after his breakup). I didn't say it back for another 2.5 months though, which is fast for me, but by then I just knew. He also never stopped saying it, so for those 2.5 months there was a lot of \"I love you\" \"I know/I like you a lot\", but it all worked out. We're pretty damn sure we're marrying each other.", "link_id": "t3_e9l24x", "time": 1576180324}}
{"faiu5ly": {"text": "Just noticed this too. It freaked me out, I thought maybe I didn't click checkout when I picked my add-ons or something and was really disappointed. Checked my email and my card and I was in fact charged. It's probably a glitch then since it's not just me. I'll be so bummed if I don't get my add-ons.", "link_id": "t3_e9g869", "time": 1576116679}}
{"fad3a4p": {"text": "Got the spray for my 13th bday (I'm 29). Reminds me of my entire teens.", "link_id": "t3_e8ft4q", "time": 1575954002}}
{"fad0jst": {"text": "How long did this take? I'm considering buying the full size once my travel size runs out. I really like it!", "link_id": "t3_e8fuv0", "time": 1575951747}}
{"fa7vqvk": {"text": "Why does this sub know me so well.....3 cups, but two are being used right now (water and tea), but I've also got 3 bowls, 2 plates, and some forks.Pro-tip: If you're only drinking water in a cup, reuse the cup! I drink with a straw (reuse that too) so the glass never gets dirty. I just wash it once a week or so. Definitely helped with the cup hoarding.", "link_id": "t3_e7ubji", "time": 1575838695}}
{"fa0eoim": {"text": "Lol pretty much. It also beats labor and a baby.", "link_id": "t3_e7gh0i", "time": 1575753955}}
{"fa08rqj": {"text": "I highly recommend an IUD if you don't mind the insertion part. Way less hormones than the pill, and more effective. Plus less user error (I suck at taking meds at the same time every day, plus antibiotics can make the pill ineffective), and the IUD makes my period way lighter and less painful.Before BC, I did both condoms and pull-out. To me, sex without a condom feels warmer. I can feel his skin on my skin and I enjoy it a lot. I can also feel the shape of his dick better. It definitely feels closer. There's also more freedom when I'm on BC because neither of us are worried about accidental pregnancy during the act. We can just get turned on and go for it, no worries. When he comes inside me, I don't really know if it's different with or without a condom because I always had the guy pull out if he was wearing a condom. It's not like I can feel his cum inside me or anything. But I just like feeling his rhythm change and he goes deeper in me and then I can take over. I feel like I can feel his dick get harder right before he comes too. And probably the best part, after he comes, he can stay in me as long as he likes and we can just cuddle while he's inside me getting soft. So I love sex without condoms, but I think a lot of the fun comes with the freedom of not worrying about pregnancy so being on BC or trying to get pregnant is a must.", "link_id": "t3_e7gh0i", "time": 1575750703}}
{"f9t303y": {"text": "I'm asking for Clinique Take the Day Off cleansing balm. I have the travel size and really like it, but it's slightly out of my price range. I'm scared to try something cheaper because it might break me out, and this doesn't. If I don't get it for christmas, I'll just bite the bullet myself probably.For body, I'm asking for The Body Shop shea body butter and Hempz pineapple and honey melon lotion. And Viktor&amp;Rolf Flowerbomb Bloom perfume. All products I know I like.", "link_id": "t3_e6tmsd", "time": 1575607208}}
{"f9nri2f": {"text": "Just enough to coat it, not too much. It will be shiny even when there's a little bit on. Since it's kind of sticky, I recommend rubbing a large pea size between your fingers and patting it onto the face, instead of spreading it on your face directly. It's way easier to put too much on than not enough, but too much won't hurt.", "link_id": "t3_e5pvc2", "time": 1575489465}}
{"f9lbvg8": {"text": "I agree that your skin is probably dehydrated. Maybe try only washing it with cleanser in the evening and just rinsing it with water in the morning. Also, I don't know what cleanser you use, but if it's particularly harsh or contains fragrance, you might want to switch it out for a gentle fragrance-free cleanser. Another suggestion is to apply your moisturizer to damp skin. That helps seal in the moisture that you just applied to your face (water) and I find it makes a big difference in how moisturized my skin is. I'm not sure what the pore minimizer is, but maybe it's too much for your skin if the ingredients are too harsh. I'm not too familiar with pore minimizing ingredients, but I think some can be irritating. It could also be a good idea to top off your moisturizer with vaseline at night. Aquaphor and cerave healing ointment are also good options for an occlusive layer (will seal in moisture and prevent water from evaporating from your skin).", "link_id": "t3_e5pvc2", "time": 1575419302}}
{"f9laq8k": {"text": "Definitely ditch the bronner's. For one, it's way too harsh, even if it's diluted. For two, I haven't used it on my face, but when I used it as a body wash I noticed it left behind a film. Don't know the specifics of that film (oils? soap \"scum\"? I don't know) but it's not gonna do your acne any favors. I haven't tried the other cleansers you listed, but I would recommend a gentle, fragrance free and very simple cleanser. Cerave is recommended a lot on this sub, but I personally prefer vanicream's cleanser. It's foaming, but gentle, and leaves my skin feeling actually clean but not stripped. The hydroboost I didn't particularly like, but it's a fine moisturizer so if it works keep using it, although I believe it has fragrance so you might want to try something without. Lately I've been liking vanicream lite lotion. I enjoy squalane and find it doesn't break me out like other oils do, so hold onto that. My skin is sensitive to lanolin so I don't use aquaphor, but cerave healing ointment is a good occlusive. And there's always good ol' vaseline. I haven't used differin since high school, but it's a good acne treatment. I might stop using it for now to get a solid gentle base routine in order, then restart it gradually and see if it improves.You're acne definitely sounds hormonal, and I used to have hormonal acne so I know how stubborn it can be. I think hormonal acne benefits way more from moisturizing than teenage acne. Both do, but teenage acne is more related to overactive oil glands so it does better with oil-control whereas hormonal acne might get stripped from controlling oil, making the acne worse. Everyone's skin is different though. For me, lightweight moisture and layering moisturizers was the key to getting rid of my acne, as most moisturizers break me out. I layer TO hyaluronic acid, CosRX snail 96, TO buffet, squalane, and currently vanicream lite lotion (previously cetaphil daily hydrating lotion w/ HA). Sometimes cerave healing ointment at night.All that said, the simplest solution might be to just go to the derm and get a prescription for spironolactone. I haven't tried it, but I know it's the go-to for hormonal acne. And since your acne responded strongly to pregnancy and breastfeeding my guess is medical intervention would be the most helpful solution.", "link_id": "t3_e5oc4b", "time": 1575418507}}
{"f9l8oph": {"text": "My skin has been so dry this winter (and it's only just december!) and I've had to adjust my already moisture-heavy routine to include stronger moisturizers.I think you should ditch the clean &amp; clear moisturizer for now. You can save it for summer when your skin is less dry. I recently exchanged my lightweight cetaphil hydrating moisturizer for vanicream lite lotion. So far I really like it. Many lotion-y moisturizers break me out so I prefer the gel-like moisturizers, but this one hasn't broken me out and it's genuinely moisturizing. It's also very lightweight and the texture is more gel-like than creamy, even though it's a lotion. It's a bit pricey, but the bottle is huge and you only need a little.For makeup remover, micellar water is alright (I like garnier with the pink cap), but you might want to try an oil cleanser or a balm. I like clinique take the day off, but I've also used albolene and it does a good job. Oil cleansers and balms require less rubbing so they're gentler on the skin. The squalane cleanser might do a good job at removing makeup though, although I haven't tried it and don't know much about it. You could also use the rosehip oil to dissolve the makeup and wash that off with the foaming cleanser. Then you don't need to buy a new product.I also like TO hyaluronic acid serum under my moisturizer for a boost of hydration, although it's a bit too lightweight right now I think. I just ordered their amino acid serum which might be more moisturizing, but haven't gotten it yet. Also, you can top off your moisturizers with vaseline, aquaphor, or (my favorite) cerave healing ointment as an occlusive to seal it all in overnight.", "link_id": "t3_e5kynp", "time": 1575417084}}
{"f9l54zy": {"text": "When I had very stubborn acne, I never had overnight results with anything, not even spot treatments or hydrocolloid bandages improved things overnight. And acids did nothing to treat it.Then I tried CosRX snail 96. I didn't notice if there was any improvement the next day because, like I said, nothing had given me overnight results, and I was expecting more long-term improvement. The second or third day using it though, I did a double take in the mirror and had to look close to verify that my acne didn't suddenly disappear (it didn't), but my face looked SOOOOO much better! I was glowing! I ran out of the bathroom and asked my bf if my face looked better, and he didn't even look up, he just said \"yeah\" and I was all \"you didn't even look!\" And he said he noticed it the day before that it was looking really good and healthy and glowy. I think it was just really calming for my skin and it helped the redness and inflammation around my acne, so it looked like everything shrunk. From then my acne improved consistently until it was all gone and I haven't had acne since! You bet that stuff is still in my routine and I will never let it go.The other one is, when my skin is dehydrated and textured on my cheeks, I use raw shea butter at night. It's a bit greasy and takes some time to melt in my hands so I don't use it every night, but my cheeks are always back to normal the next day. It works very fast, and doesn't break me out which is great. Highly recommend.", "link_id": "t3_e5nb5u", "time": 1575414677}}
{"f9kul35": {"text": "I am too. I'm making a christmas wish list and wanted to confirm the shade of something I liked, and they all say not received. Weird.", "link_id": "t3_e5n537", "time": 1575408178}}
{"f9khf7a": {"text": "FWIW, when I stopped (in june, after years of smoking daily), it was very easy on my body. No physical dependency whatsoever. I have experience quitting coffee, SSRI's, and benzos, and all of those come with physical withdrawal symptoms (especially the benzos). Weed had none. I did cut back to just smoking in the evenings before quitting, but when I quit I just decided, that day, \"what if I just stop?\" It was a one day challenge, then I realized it wasn't so bad so I kept it up. Of course, I didn't know what to do when I was bored, and I agree with the poster who said it's like a high to just feel sober after so long. Right now I still haven't smoked since and I kind of don't want to because I'm enjoying feeling comfortable sober. I'm sure I'll get back to it some day, but I'm getting to know myself without weed and it's not so bad at all.The tobacco will be harder. I haven't kicked that addiction myself (it's the only substance I do, and it doesn't even feel good, not to mention dangerous long-term). Since weed is easier you might as well just quit that first and smoke cigs in the meantime, just to know how easy it is to stop smoking weed. Then you can face the difficulty of quitting tobacco. Just know that weed is super easy to quit. All you have to do is stop.", "link_id": "t3_e5gdy1", "time": 1575400510}}
{"f9hfgdx": {"text": "I like my bag. I don't *love* it but I like it enough. There's a lot of redundancy this month though.Regular GB:Fluide nail polish in Strut - I've only had ipsy since september, and I've gotten nail polish in every single bag! I like nail polish a lot but, every bag? I might have to update my preferences! Still, nice trendy color and I love dark nails this time of year.Phase Zero eyeshadow in Nude Newbie - Again, I've gotten eyeshadow in every bag so far. And except for the stupid boop purple, they've all been nude-y shimmers. I do like those colors though and use them every time I wear eyeshadow, so this will be used as well.Space Case blush in It's Not You, It's My Sign - I was planning to add on a tarte blush (and I did), so I'm a bit disappointed getting two blushes this month, but I don't have a color like this so it has a spot in my collection. I think it will suit my skin just fine. It's a tad rosier than my favorite blush.Tarte bronzer in Park Avenue Princess - My pick! I need a new bronzer and this looks like a good color for me. Plus I love tarte's amazonian clay formula since I got paaarty for my sephora bday gift a few years ago (still have it, still love it).Juliette Has A Gun Not a Perfume - Finally a fragrance! I'm excited to try this one, it sounds really interesting. I hope it smells good on me.No skincare this month! Not bothered by that honestly since my skin is finicky and I have my routine set (and am adding three new products this month so I wouldn't use any new skincare any time soon).I think I'm more excited for my add-ons than my actual bag. There were so many good ones! But I usually only get 1 $3 add-on, this time I got three because of the sale:Thrive mascara - Y'all keep raving about this and I'm interested in trying a tubing mascara. Hope I don't like it too much because it's out of my price range!Tarte blush in Shimma and Shake - I don't have a nude-y blush and, again, love their formula. I was torn between this and the bronzer on choice day (maybe I should have picked this so I didn't end up with a blush in my bag, but oh well, needed the bronzer more). Excited for this!Hempz lotion in Sweet Pineapple and Honey Melon - I'm in the market for a new scented body lotion, and I've been eyeing this one for forever. I hope I like it and, if I do, I'll get the full size once I find it one sale.", "link_id": "t3_e4yhab", "time": 1575314264}}
{"f9dfm2i": {"text": "I ordered some a few months ago during another 10/$30 sale and I don't find them worse than the ones I bought a few years ago, which are still holding up nicely. I buy the cotton ones, many of which have lace bands. I think the quality is fine, especially for the price. My new ones have been through the laundry a few times and still looking and feeling good. I do wash my underwear in garment bags and let them air dry though which probably helps longevity. But ime, the quality hasn't gone way down and my underwear is lasting through multiple washes just fine.", "link_id": "t3_e4gk9l", "time": 1575233052}}
{"f98gk5f": {"text": "My pot gets that way whenever I make rice or beans or anything starchy. It's harmless. My stove pots also get that cooking the same things (one of my pots is my designated rice pot cause it ALWAYS looks like that).Gonna get some barkeepers friend after this post.", "link_id": "t3_e4a6vx", "time": 1575178041}}
{"f970vwk": {"text": "I use it 2-3 times a week. More than that and my face starts to get dry (my skin is combo/dry/dehydration-prone).", "link_id": "t3_e40j0u", "time": 1575156658}}
{"f970f01": {"text": "Most used: ABH Modern Renaissance. I cashed in ulta points and gave this to myself as a birthday gift. I wasn't sure I'd use all the shades (oranges, reds, and berries were intimidating), but I like the ABH formula and I like how the palette is mostly neutral mattes. I LOVE this palette! Every single shade has been used multiple times and I have to make myself use another palette if I want to switch it up. The colors work so well on my blue eyes and fair skin, which I was not expecting. And golden ochre is my favorite transition shade of all time. I can't believe I brushed this palette off for so long because it really is a perfect palette for me. Every shade has a purpose. And I can make so many looks with it that suit my eyes. I like softer neutral looks, and that's what I get with this palette. I love how it's mostly matte. I really don't need more than a gold and pink shimmer. And I wish ABH would go back to making well thought out, curated palettes like this one. I have no interest in all this norvina stuff. In general, I wish brands would have fewer, well put together palettes with unique color stories.Least used: Lorac Pro 2. My boyfriend gave me this palette a few years ago when I was getting more into makeup and all my eyeshadow got destroyed by a mouse infestation (mostly wet n wild), so this palette is important to me and I don't want to let it go. But I'm just not feeling the colors anymore. I default to the same look 90% of the time, and have to really try and do something different. And the darker shades are soooooo pigmented and it's too easy for me to go overboard. So I'm scared to use half the palette honestly and I doubt I'll pan any of the dark shades because I literally only need the absolute lightest tap to get color payoff. And the shimmers are just too dull for me honestly. You really need a wet brush to make them shine. At least the shimmers are pigmented so I can use them in the crease or outer v just fine, but I need to play more. I want to make it a point to use this more so I can hit pan in my favorite shades. I've been playing with it more and finding some new love for some shades, but it's just not as intuitive of a palette as I'd like and the colors aren't actually that cohesive. I mean, why are there two matte grays and only one matte brown? Unique, but, like, I need more to work with.", "link_id": "t3_e41nd1", "time": 1575156337}}
{"f96x0gf": {"text": "If you're going to try anything from the ordinary, their hyaluronic acid is a good safe bet. Lightweight and moisturizing, likely won't clog your pores and won't be too harsh. I love that stuff! I also like their buffet serum, but it's more expensive than their other stuff. I think it's worth it though. It makes my skin feel thicker and plumper and more resilient. I also like their glycolic acid toner. It's gentle but effective, at least for my skin. And the bottle is a nice size for the price!", "link_id": "t3_e40j0u", "time": 1575154036}}
{"f93ugu7": {"text": "I bought the travel size at ulta and there's plenty of product in there to last a while. Once I finish mine, I'm getting the full size (hopefully at a sale price), but I'm glad I got the travel size to try first so I know it works for me. I'd suggest doing that.", "link_id": "t3_e3fx0k", "time": 1575068835}}
{"f8pvebe": {"text": "I got the Tarte bronzer. I really like their amazonian clay formula. I was going back and forth on the bronzer or the blush. I really like the shade of the blush (shimma and shake), but I need a bronzer more than I need a blush. I have 2 blush palettes, two full sized blushes, two travel sized, and one franken-blush. I only have 2 bronzers and they're in the blush palettes (and I don't like either of them really). So logic prevailed. This one looks like it will be a good color for me.But I really want that blush. I hope it's an add-on.", "link_id": "t3_e1gfmh", "time": 1574707895}}
{"f8m2ewd": {"text": "I actually like burt's bees but only in the vanilla bean and coconut &amp; pear flavors. All their other flavors either sting or do nothing. But when I want a stick balm, I use those flavors. Nivea also has some good lip balms that are pretty moisturizing. I have a tinted balm of theirs that I enjoy.My favorite FAVORITE lip balm however is Cerave healing ointment. It beats vaseline and even aquaphor out of the park on my lips. I put it on every night before bed and my lips are soft and smooth throughout the day. It's occlusive like vaseline, but it also has hyaluronic acid to draw moisture into the lips, so it actually moisturizes. I HIGHLY recommend trying it out!", "link_id": "t3_e11c64", "time": 1574627485}}
{"f88phwq": {"text": "I don't have a huge shoe collection, but generally I like to buy my shoes in person so I can bend the shoe myself and see how easily it bends up. For casual shoes in spring/summer, I do like Toms. They're very minimalist, but I find the sole cushioned enough to not feel every bump on the sidewalk (I hate ballet flats) and they're soft and flexible enough to not really feel like I'm wearing shoes. Flip flops are bad, probably because the way they go through your toes makes you hold your foot wrong when you walk, so I don't wear those anymore. I do like sandals that lace all around your foot so your foot doesn't have to do any work to keep the shoe on, and most sandals have flexibility in the sole. Some don't though and I notice the difference right away. I also have a pair of new balance sneakers that I love, but I don't think they make the model anymore so I couldn't find them to link. I remember when I bought them after hip surgery and picked up so many to bend (I remember because I was exhausted on crutches and could only try one on easily lol), so not all new balances (or nikes, adidas, etc.) met my standard. My uggs have been retired, but those are horrible, plus they're heavy and so flat. I have a pair of combat boots from Nine West that are bendy enough in the toe that I pretty much wear all fall and winter.I mainly want them to be able to bend up in the toe/ball of your foot without a lot of effort. They don't have to fold all the way in half, but about 90 degrees or close to that is what I look for. I think the easiest way to find that is to shop for shoes in person. I don't buy shoes online. I'd suggest to start out with a pair of sneakers since those are easier to play with in store than leather boots or something. Once you get a feel for the type of bend you like, it's easier to play with nicer shoes without ruining the leather or something. Hope that helps!", "link_id": "t3_dz6wvr", "time": 1574358722}}
{"f86fq41": {"text": "Not OP, but I also have joint issues related to hypermobility, and I prefer flexible shoes so I can roll through my feet as I walk. It helps reduce the impact of each step, which is better for my knees/hips/back, and it keeps my foot muscles more active so they don't get as achy. They also need to be supportive of course, but for me I do better with supportive and flexible than stiff soles. It's also probably different from person to person what's best for you're feet.", "link_id": "t3_dz6wvr", "time": 1574297040}}
{"f7ysp7w": {"text": "Same boat. Mine was supposed to arrive on 11/15 too and hasn't moved since 11/13 (it's only like a hour away from me now, grrr). I got the \"experienced a delay\" thing too. I guess if it's business days, then saturday doesn't count (I never count sunday as a delivery day), but I don't remember if that alert popped up on 11/13 or 11/15 or what. Hopefully it updates today or tomorrow. I even signed up for text alerts with USPS. This is the first time this has happened, but it's only my third month with ipsy. Not fun.", "link_id": "t3_dy55dn", "time": 1574100139}}
{"f7f1ypm": {"text": "Not a parent myself, but I think that would be a really valuable sub.", "link_id": "t3_dvnp8c", "time": 1573670669}}
{"f7dp38o": {"text": "&gt;However, I feel a \\*lot\\* more prepared to parent kids with mental illness than certainly my parents ever were, and I'm already giving my sons the language to talk about feelings and needs. This is how I feel about having kids. I SO BADLY want to be a mom some day, but the thought of pregnancy, postpartum, and taking care of a newborn really freak me out. And I'm worried there will be times where I'm not a \"good mom\". But there were plenty of time when my parents were not \"good parents\" and they're not diagnosed with anything. All parents have their moments I'm sure. But mine also didn't know how to handle my childhood anxiety or teenage depression, and when I got myself medicated and later diagnosed bipolar, they just couldn't understand how real it was. They still deny my mental health problems 10 years later and they've seen how BAD it can get. When I have kids, I want to take their emotions and feelings seriously and teach them to talk about their feelings and that there's always help for them, no matter what age they are. If my kids end up having problems with they're mental health, I want to make sure they know to talk to me about it, and feel comfortable seeking professional help if needed. There's a lot of focus on bipolar being genetic that I think we forget that developing the disorder and the severity of it is influenced heavily by environment as well. If my kids do have bipolar disorder, or depression or anxiety, I hope their battle is easier knowing they have a strong support system in their family.", "link_id": "t3_dvhoym", "time": 1573623933}}
{"f7c13u7": {"text": "Yeast infections don't typically have any smell associated with them. BV on the other hand smells very distinctly like a fish market (like fresh fish, not rotten fish). I don't know about STD's, but they might have a smell to them too. But yeast infections generally do not.", "link_id": "t3_dv9uv1", "time": 1573582093}}
{"f79p67h": {"text": "Srs, when I was on accutane the package always silhouettes of the birth defects that can happen. I mainly remember the head defects. This was like 12 years ago, wonder if they still do that.", "link_id": "t3_duw1x3", "time": 1573512078}}
{"f79kgkm": {"text": "Since you're just starting to figure out what you like, I would get a palette with options for colors to play with and try out. Quads are nice for a simple look, but they can be limiting if you want to experiment. Plus if just one or two of those colors don't work for you, you're even more limited on what you can do. The only quad I've used where I like all the shades and could use by itself for a cohesive look was one I built myself. With a palette, there's a better chance that you'll be able to pull a look together even if some of the shades don't work, and you have some room for experimenting and figuring out what kind of looks you like.I would recommend Colourpop's Double Entendre like others have, though I don't have it myself (I have 2 other palettes from them and like them a lot, but they're discontinued now I think). It's got a lot of matte browns in there so I'm sure you'll be able to find what works for you. You might also be able to use it alongside the Sweet Talk palette to tone down the orange. Another suggestion would be the Wet'n'Wild 10 pan palettes. I would recommend Nude Awakening. Again, I don't have this, but I had one of the old 8-pan versions. Their shadows are good quality for the price and are great for experimenting. The palettes are also small so don't take up too much space. If you want to go with quads instead of palettes, I would recommend the Wet'n'Wild ones to try in a heartbeat. Walking on Eggshells is a good basic neutrals quad that suits fair skin nicely. Silent Treatment is more cool-toned neutral, but a tad darker in tone. I have both of these in the old (trio) version and have pan in both.Hope that helps!", "link_id": "t3_duxqva", "time": 1573508903}}
{"f78tkcc": {"text": "I haven't tried TO's niacinamide, but niacinamide in other products has broken me out before so I avoid it. Any product can break you out, even when so many other people love it and use it with no problems. It sucks when you get unlucky like that!One thing I wanted to say is don't go heavy on the acids! You're skin is compromised right now, going heavy on acids might strip your moisture barrier and make your skin WAY worse. I've tried upping my acid use hoping to get rid of acne and it made my skin the worst it's ever been. I had to ditch acids completely for a year to let my skin rebalance itself (and my acne FINALLY went away, go figure). You can use acids the same way you normally use them, but I wouldn't do any peels, masks (exfoliating ones), or scrubs. And if your skin isn't improving, or is getting worse, I would ditch acids completely. Your skin might benefit more from moisture and protection right now than acids.Just wanted to throw that out there. Hopefully your skin clears up soon just from stopping the niacinamide serum. And definitely look into getting your money back! No one wants to spend money on a breakout.", "link_id": "t3_duqozf", "time": 1573498181}}
{"f6x3oev": {"text": "Not OP but I would suggest L'oreal Lash Paradise. It has a similar wet formula and gives a dramatic look. My fave!", "link_id": "t3_dtgk1c", "time": 1573241215}}
{"f67utyw": {"text": "Regular GB. I got:\\-Color Club nail polish in Rocky Mountain High - Last month I got the Don't Be Jelly nail polish and this looks REALLY similar in color, but looking at some swatches this one seems more brown based. I hope the two are different enough in person. Other than that, I love nail polish, I have it set to often.\\-Pixi by Petra eyeshadow duo in Naturally Nude - I love me some neutral eyeshadows. Basic, but functional. I have neutral eyeshadows set to often.\\-Gigi contour brush - Glad I got the brush. Even though I like the colors in the Gigi collab way better than the boop one, I'd rather not get collab makeup. Plus I don't do influencer collabs. But I always need face brushes, so this is welcome. Tools set to sometimes.\\-Wander Beauty highlighter in After Hours - I haven't gotten a highlighter yet from ipsy, so this is nice. Highlighters set to sometimes.\\-It Cosmetics Confidence in a Cream - My pick! I've been wanting to try this, and after trying their CC cream last month and falling IN LOVE I wanted to try something else from the brand. I have moisturizers set to rarely, but that's because I like to choose them myself :).Add-on:\\-La Chloris Moroccan Rose Mask - Haven't heard about this brand. Tried googling and there's not a lot out there. But the ingredients check out and it seems like something I'll like. I'm excited to try it.&amp;#x200B;Overall I like my bag. I'm a bit nervous about the nail polish being a dupe for what I got last month, but I'm happy with everything I got.", "link_id": "t3_dqixfa", "time": 1572723013}}
{"f4uk7xd": {"text": "Same here. Going on a year and a half without. I almost caved a year ago but I reached out to someone (well, they hit me up at the exact right time, so I took advantage of it) and it helped. I'm worried I'm heading back in that direction though, but I just keep reminding myself how far I've come this past year alone, and all I've gotten through before. I hope I don't slip up.So glad you're doing well! Keep it up, you got this!", "link_id": "t3_dlrz06", "time": 1571814492}}
{"f2xxjw8": {"text": "Age: 29Skin type &amp; Concerns: Combination/dry/dehydration-prone, sensitive; mild rosacea and dehydration-related textureStuck to mostly the same routine this year! After struggling with acne for such a long time (15 years!), I know what works and I will stick to it. My HG products: Garnier micellar water (pink cap), Vanicream cleanser, TO hyaluronic acid (removed this from my routine when I ran out, recently added it back and I will keep in routine), CosRX Snail 96 (LOVE!!!!), TO squalane.A couple months ago I added in TO Glycolic Acid toner. I was scared of acids after overusing a couple years ago and wrecking my skin, but now my skin is in a good place that I can tolerate acids without being irritated. My moisture barrier is well-maintained! I'm enjoying the results. It's helping a lot with the dry texture. A favorite new ingredient is pure raw shea butter! When my face is feeling dry and textured, shea butter really softens it up overnight. I can also tolerate clay masks again, especially using shea butter after.Another good thing this year is I've gotten WAY better about using sunscreen! I love Australian Gold SPF 50. The tint is a tiny bit dark, but it's workable and it covers my redness without looking like heavy makeup. I'm glad that I have a sunscreen that I like to use, because it makes it easier to be out in the sun without getting red and splotchy, or just being anxious about sun exposure.Resolution: Improve consistency to every AM and PM. I only consistently do my skincare after I shower, but I want to up the frequency to every day, 2x a day. Especially when it comes to removing my sunscreen...Location: 4 seasons, slightly humid summer, slightly dry winter", "link_id": "t3_delbhs", "time": 1570483705}}
{"f2hcqev": {"text": "For youtube channels, I recommend Wayne Goss and Lisa Eldridge. They're great for beginners and specific techniques rather than product shilling and drama.", "link_id": "t3_dddtmu", "time": 1570242095}}
{"f2cku8t": {"text": "My hair is maybe 24 inches right now? It's mid-back length, and I've donated my hair twice when it was about this length so that's where my guess comes from. I haven't let it get much longer than mid-back because it starts to look split-end-y and I just need to cut it. So I don't really know my terminal length, but my hair has been this length many times. I've been tempted to see just how long it can get, but I always get fed up and cut it.", "link_id": "t3_dcv5yc", "time": 1570139273}}
{"f2aynvw": {"text": "Thank you, I'll give it a shot!", "link_id": "t3_dck0tu", "time": 1570119489}}
{"f2aymc3": {"text": "I know! It smells so good and works so well.", "link_id": "t3_dck0tu", "time": 1570119472}}
{"f291gjb": {"text": "Shea Moisture Weightless Coconut Water shampoo and conditioner, which has sadly been discontinued. Thankfully I bought multiples before this happened, so I have an unopened bottle of shampoo, but I'm halfway through my last conditioner bottle. I'm in the market for a new HG so thank you for this post!", "link_id": "t3_dck0tu", "time": 1570077087}}
{"f28533g": {"text": "Oh hey there, bag twin!", "link_id": "t3_dc8vht", "time": 1570052905}}
{"f283pnh": {"text": "This is only my second bag. I really liked September, but I'm kind of underwhelmed this month. I'm only disappointed in one product, but nothing else is really exciting me. I'm only subscribed to regular.FAB Facial Radiance Pads - Heard good things about this brand and this product. My skin is kind of finicky, but I've been using glycolic acid on it for a couple months with no problems, so I'm in a good place to try these out. Looking forward to it.Pretty Woman Nail Polish in Don't Be Jelly - I love nail polish. Got one in my September bag so I'm glad to get another this month! Not too wowed by the color though, but it seems good for fall. Happy about it.Betty Boop x IPSY Eyeshadow in Flip Your Lid - Ugh, I really didn't want my boop to be this eyeshadow. I'm not a fan of dark purple. I already have medium-dark purples and it just doesn't work for me. Maybe I'll be surprised but I doubt it.It Cosmetics CC+ Cream in Fair - Been wanting to try this and am in the market for foundation/tinted moisturizer so I have that set to \"often\". Hope the shade is good for me (last month's Smashbox was pretty good). Happy about this one.KVOSSNYC Raspberry Lip Treatment - This wasn't really on my radar, but I think I might like it. I'll probably get more use out of this than a lipstick or something, which would have been more exciting, and the tint looks nice. Plus I love raspberries!Add On: Sigma E25 brush - In need of eye brushes and it's a sigma brush for $3. I'm most excited for this!", "link_id": "t3_dc8vht", "time": 1570052017}}
{"f1w0mkf": {"text": "I have this problem. I get hives on my abdomen, back, and a couple on my arms. It's not so bad really, but it's itchy. The itch goes away within like 20 min. and the welts go away within an hour. Gotta shower though so I'm just used to it, and when you're used to it it doesn't seem so bad.", "link_id": "t3_datygg", "time": 1569778599}}
{"f1o8yh5": {"text": "I'd say foundation in the right shade, since you can't guarantee a match with the boxes.  You can pick up something at the drugstore so it's not too expensive, or test them out at sephora or ulta for the right shade. I would also say brushes/makeup sponge. I like real techniques, and they sell sets of brushes for face and eyes. I also like their makeup sponge. I find it makes applying foundation easy. Elf also makes good brushes that aren't too expensive. I would also suggest makeup remover of some kind. I like balm cleansers (like Albolene or Clinique Take the Day Off balm) and micellar water (Garnier makes good ones). If you haven't gotten any mascara yet, I would pick up one at the drugstore.That's all I can think of. Hope that helps!", "link_id": "t3_d9jexu", "time": 1569637912}}
{"f08hutj": {"text": "I don't have experience with lithium so I can't speak for the taste side effects. However, the citalopram is an SSRI, which can give you that restless feeling. I've experienced that on zoloft and, to a lesser extent, on lexapro. I was so restless I couldn't sit or lie still, much less sleep. So if the citalopram is a new addition, I wouldn't ignore that.", "link_id": "t3_d46b5k", "time": 1568481802}}
{"f08blgr": {"text": "Wayne Goss is another youtuber that is helpful when you're starting out, if you can get over the ALL CAPS titles. He shows lots of different techniques for applying different product, which is helpful when you're just figuring everything out. So if you just want to figure out how blush works, he has a video for that. How do I bronze? He has a video for that. And so on. Lisa Eldridge was also mentioned, and she's very good for beginners as well.", "link_id": "t3_d43yl9", "time": 1568478926}}
{"ezxty73": {"text": "Just an anecdote here, but I once had a pencil eyeliner that I sharpened and sterilized because I was told the same thing, and I ended up with a swollen eyelid for a week.", "link_id": "t3_d2um7i", "time": 1568249589}}
{"ez6lpd8": {"text": "I don't think it's necessarily bad to be in the heat, but if you have rosacea then your skin can react to heat and get red. In general though, heat opens up blood vessels which will make your skin blush, so if it's temporary and doesn't bother you, I wouldn't worry too much.", "link_id": "t3_czvs9p", "time": 1567713290}}
{"ez6kpjg": {"text": "Vitamin C might benefit from refrigeration because it oxidises very quickly, but actives like retinol and glycolic acid don't require refrigeration. In some cases, refrigeration could mess with the formula and make actives less potent. So refrigeration isn't necessary. Another product that can benefit from refrigeration however is plant oils, especially ones that go rancid quickly.", "link_id": "t3_czvs9p", "time": 1567713105}}
{"ez0l4ua": {"text": "I feel like most women cannot do this whole \"free bleeding\" nonsense, there's just no way to not get blood on a chair or even on your pants. That said, when I got my IUD my doctor told me some women only need pantyliners or \"nothing at all\", and I thought she was crazy being so nonchalant about women not wearing anything because their period is so light.Now that I've had my IUD for a few years, I quite frankly wear nothing after the first day or two. I just wear black panties. But that's because my period is so freaking light that even a pantyliner feels like a waste of plastic. But I don't have a normal period. \"Free bleeding\" is a stupid idea for a movement.", "link_id": "t3_cznmkr", "time": 1567638330}}
{"eyv26uh": {"text": "I have a dresser (4 drawers, not including socks and underwear), a regular closet (not walk-in), and a plastic bin full of clothes. The bin is all sweatpants, old t-shirts, hoodies, and some athletic clothes. The closet is more dressy clothes, and the dresser is more day-to-day and casual clothes. I'd say I only wear like 1/2 of my clothes on a regular basis. Since I have 4 seasons to dress for, I have warm sweaters for fall/winter and shorts and dresses for summer. In winter I always dress in layers, so I like having lots of layers and probably get more use out of my wardrobe than in summer just because of that. I also have a lot of workout clothes which I wear regularly enough to justify their amount, and there's always a formal event or two every year so my nicer dresses can be worn.I've definitely been feeling the need for a complete overhaul though. I have a lot of clothes that I don't love or aren't really my style, but they're functional and they fit and I don't have something to replace them yet. I recently did a purge and I was surprised at how much I could part with and still feel like I had plenty leftover to work with. One thing that I pared down was my t-shirts, the \"nicer\" ones that I wear with jeans. I mainly wanted to make room for new ones that I actually like. Since then though I've just been wearing the ones that I kept and not technically needing more. However, there are still a few I would love to donate if I could replace them with something I like, but I realize I don't need a bunch of tees, just a few that I like. Another thing I learned from purging was that I have a definite color palette that I like and looks good on me. Now all of my dresses are some shade of blue, black, black and white pattern, or purple. My shirts are mostly black, blue, gray, or teal. It makes my closet and drawers much more appealing and outfits are easier to match.I don't really have the funds to replace my wardrobe on a larger scale than 2-3 pieces a month, but the last time I bought clothes, I did a good job shopping. I knew I wanted new jeans, a jean jacket, and a cashmere sweater since those were on sale. That's all I bought, and all three items fit perfectly on my body and with my wardrobe! I want to continue shopping that way, just shopping intentionally for what I want that fits in with what I have. I don't mind wearing the same things over and over and over again, so I want those things to be clothes that I love. But I still need my workout clothes, lounging around the house clothes, nicer shirts and trousers, fancy dresses, casual dresses for summer, and warm sweaters and cardigans, so I can't go full minimalist.", "link_id": "t3_cyxkbh", "time": 1567478473}}
{"eyuif41": {"text": "The buffet makes my skin feel a bit thicker and more resilient, which I like. I'm not sure if I'll repurchase it when it runs out though because it's on the expensive side of TO products, but I do like having a peptide serum in my routine. My skin does just fine without it though, so it's not magic, but I do like the extra firmness it gives me because my skin is on the thin side.The squalane is an oil that doesn't break me out. That's about it, lol. It helps me retain moisture from all the layers I use before it, but it doesn't sink into my skin, like, at all. So I only use it at night. It's not terribly greasy or anything but my face stays shiny/glowy for a while when I put it on. If I don't use it, my skin feels dry, so I like having an oil in my routine, and it's easier to apply than the raw shea butter. Any other oils I've tried have broken me out so I stick with the squalane. That said, I snagged some rosehip seed oil with my last TO order so I'm excited to try that out and see what happens. If that doesn't work for me, I'll happily return to my squalane.", "link_id": "t3_cey68j", "time": 1567462989}}
{"eyugevl": {"text": "Sure! My routine hasn't changed much, so most of these products I've been using for a few years now.AM:Garnier Micellar water (pink cap) with cotton round, rinse with warm waterThe Ordinary Hyaluronic AcidCosRx Snail 96Cetaphil daily hydrating lotion with HAAustralian Botanicals spf 50 tinted lotionPM:Mineral oil to remove sunscreen and makeupVanicream gentle skin cleanserTO Glycolic Acid Toner 2x a week (new addition, don't recommend if you're skin is recovering from actives obviously...)TO Hyaluronic AcidCosRx Snail 96TO BuffetCetaphil daily hydrating lotion with HATO SqualaneRaw shea butter or Cerave healing ointment if I feel like it&amp;#x200B;As you can see, I rely a lot on humectants and layering moisturizers. The biggest game-changer was the Snail 96. It improved my acne in just a few days! It didn't make blemishes go away overnight or anything, but it helped the inflammation around my blemishes, which made it look better. Next most helpful was TO Hyaluronic acid serum. Very hydrating and budget friendly! A nice surprise was the raw shea butter. I realized that body lotions with shea butter always made my skin extra soft, so I tried some of the raw stuff on my face one night and it helped the dehydrated texture so much in one night without breaking me out at all! So if I could recommend 3 things to try, it would be those. Also finding as gentle a cleanser as possible, and only using it at night. I was using Cerave foaming for a while and switching to Vanicream made my skin feel clean and not stripped at all.Hope that helps!", "link_id": "t3_cey68j", "time": 1567461461}}
{"eyjbpwv": {"text": "I think when it comes to performance, everyone is looking for different things and both expensive brands and budget brands can give you what you want. And the most expensive eyeshadow won't look better than wet'n'wild if you don't know how to apply it well. That said, I personally consider it \"worth it\" to invest in my eyeshadow palettes because they're powder products so they won't expire the same way cream products do (IMO they don't technically expire), and eyeshadow doesn't get used up nearly as fast as face powder, for example. And the more expensive eyeshadows that I have do perform better than my cheaper ones, in terms of staying power specifically. I love my wet'n'wild eyeshadow but it just doesn't last more than an hour (with primer) before creasing or muddying. Colourpop is wonderful, but the darker colors seem to fade over time on my lids (again, with primer). My ABH palette and singles and Lorac palette don't have that problem. The looks that I create with those shadows stay on and look the same hours later, or sometimes even the next morning (I know I know).So it depends on what you're looking for. I've never tried Makeup Revolution so I can't compare, and I've only tried ABH and Lorac for \"expensive\" brands. But I would highly recommend Colourpop for getting a feel for what colors you like or building a little collection of shadows or palettes without breaking the bank. I really love their shadows. Wet'n'wild is even cheaper and usually more accessible, and their quads and palettes are the perfect size for travel or keeping in your purse. But if there's a palette you've been wanting, you already know what colors and formulas you like, and you're wondering if it's worth it to splurge a little, I say go for it.", "link_id": "t3_cx3lkf", "time": 1567116134}}
{"ey36yvs": {"text": "I use cotton pads for my micellar water and my toner. Since my toner has glycolic acid, I don't want to risk getting it in my eyes, otherwise I would just use my hands. For my micellar water, I'm usually trying to get dirt/oil/leftover makeup off my face, so I need something to capture it and take it off.I was getting really troubled by how many cotton pads I was using on a regular basis though, like 3 a day. And I had some old pajama pants that were about to go to goodwill and I don't think anyone would have really wanted them, so I cut them up and I've been sewing my own reusable ones! It's taking some time because I'm hand-sewing (I have access to a machine but I haven't sewed in a while so I want to practice my handstitching), but I just finished sewing my fourth one! The pants were 100% cotton flannel and feel really soft and smooth so I'm excited to use them!", "link_id": "t3_cv9nyo", "time": 1566756935}}
{"exznagp": {"text": "Did you find out what designs make that more or less likely? I don't hear that problem being discussed much. I tried a cup years ago and really liked the concept, but had more troubles with the cup itself so switched to applicator-less tampons instead. Now I have an IUD and even though the risk is small there's still a risk of the cup pulling out the IUD, so no thank you. But I'm still curious for if/when I try a cup again in the future.", "link_id": "t3_cutm5i", "time": 1566668643}}
{"exzjy6p": {"text": "Yep. When I was 22 I was in a relationship with a 36 year old for 8 months. I knew to look out for him trying to be in control because, yeah, he's older. We talked about it before getting together because that is a significant age difference, and me being the younger one there was more of a risk of being taken advantage of. Now that I'm 29, I don't see that the relationship was unhealthy because of his age or anything. I wouldn't really call it unhealthy at all, we just didn't work out in the long run, but he never tried to control me or any part of the relationship for that matter. Would I recommend a 22 year old date a 36 year old? Not really, but I know individual cases can be totally okay. I'm with a guy my age now, been together since we were 24, and very happy together.", "link_id": "t3_cutm5i", "time": 1566667359}}
{"exqvef6": {"text": "Are you on a backup form of birth control? Condoms aren't as effective if they don't fit properly, especially if they break or slip off. He needs to find a brand that fits better, but you also want to be protected from surprise pregnancy.", "link_id": "t3_cu0285", "time": 1566507612}}
{"ewwbnjm": {"text": "Oh my bad, I thought you said applicator-LESS, lol. American brands basically all have applicators, including kotex actually. Wish they had more without applicators here.", "link_id": "t3_cqdyor", "time": 1565825175}}
{"ewwab22": {"text": "If you're in the US, OB is the brand that doesn't have applicators. A box of 20 is really small, so it can be hard to notice them. I've been using them for a while. I find them more comfortable than the ones with applicators because my uterus is tilted so I have more control of where it ends up I guess.", "link_id": "t3_cqdyor", "time": 1565824217}}
{"ewqq7b7": {"text": "I don't notice any smell with the vanicream at all, so I don't have any problems with it. I have tried cerave hydrating but it made me break out and made my skin feel a bit tight? It just didn't work out for my skin.", "link_id": "t3_co60kp", "time": 1565674411}}
{"ewpjxtm": {"text": "I've heard it can be hard if not impossible to get the nail polish off the pads. Also I'm not sure how fabric would hold up to acetone repeatedly, so they might be disposable in the end. But I'm sure you can use old t-shirts or fabric scraps that you would be throwing out anyway for this purpose just fine!", "link_id": "t3_cpc1hz", "time": 1565642791}}
{"ewpefo3": {"text": "I use vanicream and it does foam up, but it's a gentle foam. The foam kind of dissipates easily. If I use more cleanser it will be foamy, but if I only use a bit or if I'm double cleansing after using oil it will be more creamy. Also with regards to the film, there's no film, that's actually why I use it. I used to use cerave foaming, but that always took too long to wash off and left a slight film. The vanicream rinses off super easily with a splash of water. It's also much less drying than cerave. I haven't had good luck with non-foaming cleansers cleaning and rinsing my skin, and foaming cleansers are usually too drying, so I like the vanicream because it's gentle and rinses off easliy.", "link_id": "t3_co60kp", "time": 1565639424}}
{"ewp9lyx": {"text": "I wear sunglasses all the time, well into the evening, on overcast days, in the rain, all winter (ESPECIALLY if there's snow on the ground), anytime I'm outside when the sun is up. I have light blue/gray eyes that are very sun-sensitive, so I just need them to see, but sometimes I think I look a little odd wearing them on an overcast evening when no one else is even squinting. Kind of like using an umbrella when it's just a light drizzle? I don't know. But I'm 29 and have lines in my forehead (genetic...had them since 17) and I have no lines around my eyes. If I didn't wear sunglasses all the time I'd be in a permanent squint and I'm sure the skin would show for it.", "link_id": "t3_cpdxbs", "time": 1565636422}}
{"ew67yqe": {"text": "That's what I was thinking. I don't use any of those specific TO products, but the ones I do use I only use three drops and that's plenty to cover my face. More than 3 drops of oil makes me too slippery to function.", "link_id": "t3_cmx28l", "time": 1565157366}}
{"ew52txh": {"text": "New Purchases: I ordered some new TO stuff from Ulta because 5x points! I got the glycolic toner, rosehip seed oil, azelaic acid, and hyaluronic acid serum. The HA I've used before and loved, so I'm glad to add that back into my routine. I still have some of their squalane oil that I guess I'll finish up before trying the rosehip, but I put a drop on my arm and it feels really soft there, so I'm hoping it doesn't break me out. I'm also looking forward to adding acids back into my routine now that I have proper hydrating products so hopefully I don't mess up my moisture barrier this time.Thing is I don't know whether to try the glycolic toner first or the azelaic acid. I was thinking to patch test both this week, with glycolic under my right jaw and azelaic under my left. Then next week I could do each on their respective halves of my face every three days or so. If both are looking good, then I'll decide which works for AM (with SPF!) and PM and how frequently to use them. Maybe the glycolic I should start at once a week though just to be safe, especially if my patch test leaves me dry.I'm just so excited to try some new things! My routine has been the same for like at least a year except for some samples. And I've been eyeing these products for a while. I just hope it works out!", "link_id": "t3_cls4h8", "time": 1565125641}}
{"ew4h0n2": {"text": "I agree that it would be helpful to see price and length of time used, but I also think it wouldn't be very practical to do, and might be cumbersome to list so much information, however helpful it may be. I think price would be easier to list, and maybe the size of the product or price per ounce can give a better idea of how long a product can last.Also, I personally don't remember exactly when I bought certain things. If I buy something online it's easy enough to check my email or past orders to find that out, but if I buy something in a store I have no idea when I made that purchase. I also don't usually add a product into my routine right away. I'll buy something before it runs out, and that could be a week or two months away. And if it's a new product, I (do in fact) introduce one product at a time after patch testing for a week, and generally use it for a month before adding the next. So when I order 3-5 new products from TO it could be months before I start using that product regularly. Also sometimes I take a break from a product or use something sporadically. But that said, I know from experience that my \\~$20 CosRx Snail 96 lasts at least twice as long as my  \\~$10 TO serums, and I use CosRX 2x a day and most TO products I use are only used AM or PM or on different days. So for me, CosRX is a better value than TO which can be helpful information.So I'm not sure what the solution is. Maybe listing country, price, price/oz, then how much product you use each time (1 pump, 1/2 pump, 3 drops, etc.) can be helpful to list with a routine. It would still require some research and a bit of math on OP's part, and with long routines that could be time consuming.", "link_id": "t3_cmrpsm", "time": 1565110445}}
{"ew3d8mx": {"text": "Same deal with the cheekies! Well not all of them, I picked up a few that don't have it, but a good handful have that scrunch. What's the point?!! I'm worried it would be seen through my pants!", "link_id": "t3_cmg4hu", "time": 1565073290}}
{"evux7sd": {"text": "Yeah! I've never actually tried it, but I plan to melt the chapstick with bits of the lipstick(s), pour it back in the tube, and freeze. I've seen some tutorials on youtube, they make it seem easy enough!", "link_id": "t3_cl763w", "time": 1564809666}}
{"evu7ver": {"text": "My boyfriend's not that into skincare, but every time I do a mask by myself he gets jealous that I did it without him. Whenever we go to the drugstore or something he always looks at the masks and asks if we should get one to do together. I wish my skin wasn't so sensitive so we could play around with new things but I always have my own anyway. So yeah. Masks. He loves doing masks with me. It's a fun thing to do together, so if your bf is up for it I recommend it!", "link_id": "t3_cl6fo7", "time": 1564787908}}
{"evu2jdx": {"text": "Trying to stay as drug-free as possible. I stopped smoking weed about 2 months ago and, while I wouldn't mind smoking every now and then for fun, I'm taking a well deserved break for the foreseeable future. Before stopping I used to smoke every single day, for a few years. I'm also not drinking any alcohol or caffeine, but that's been the case for more than a year.I'm also working on my mental health, which I feel like I'm always doing, but I've made so much progress. I completely crashed in like October or something, can't really remember, I was hanging by a thread. I was prescribed benzos daily for three years, even though I had reservations about taking them every day (but I wanted to comply with my doctor this time...). I finally got a proper diagnosis and new meds in November and tapered off the klonopin, which was extremely difficult and I've been benzo-free since March. I've still been having trouble with my anxiety and without benzos to help it can feel like a never-ending spiral sometimes. But this past month, thanks to a dosage increase on one of my meds, I've been doing a lot better. I can be social for a bit, I can drive long distances, but more importantly I can power through my anxiety and feel okay before it gets overwhelming.So more recently I've been working on pushing myself out of my comfort zone to experience things anxiety and panic free, or even just to experience overcoming the anxiety when it does come. It's still baby steps, but they're turning into kid steps. A year ago just the thought of working would make me panic, but now I'm feeling okay during my part time job.I'm also working on putting sunscreen on every day. I skip some days when I know I won't be going anywhere till the evening, but I'm getting better at building the habit!", "link_id": "t3_cl41dm", "time": 1564784062}}
{"evty39o": {"text": "I did this for the first time last week! I had a not-at-all pigmented blush (weird cause I'm fair skinned) and a super pigmented blush palette that I only use for stage makeup because it's perfect for that. I mixed a bit of each shade in the palette with the not pigmented blush and made a perfectly pigmented blush in a really interesting shade that's not like any of my other blushes. It was super fun and now I can actually use the blush instead of it just sitting there in my collection. It was also way easier than I thought!Next I want to get some cheap lipbalm (chapstick or whatever) and use the lipsticks I don't wear to make a custom tinted lipbalm. I've done it before with vaseline but I want it in a stick so I'll actually use it up!", "link_id": "t3_cl763w", "time": 1564781056}}
{"euy2ttc": {"text": "If you're starting from scratch, find a good cleanser, moisturizer, and sunscreen. Sunscreen is super important but can also be the hardest to get right for your skin. I recommend reading reviews.  is full of them! If you wear makeup, the double cleanse that was already mentioned is super effective at removing makeup. Way better than wipes, and less wasteful! They also make cleansing oils and balms that can rinse off with water, but you usually need another cleanser after those anyway. Once you have those, in the AM use cleanser (or rinse with water), moisturizer (if you have oily skin you might not need this in the AM), and sunscreen. In the PM, if you wear makeup, massage oil to dissolve makeup, wipe that off with a damp cloth or cotton pad, regular cleanser, then moisturizer.Once you have that basic routine you can add on anything else you'd like! Hyaluronic acid is lovely and super moisturizing, I use a snail essence that is magical, serums from the brand The Ordinary are very budget friendly, and masks are super fun and make for great self care. There's also acids for exfoliation, but I wrecked my skin with those a few years back and have been scared ever since. There's obviously  like I mentioned, there's also  that has a lot of great skincare advice and advice on products. It takes some time to build a solid routine so I recommend not diving in headfirst with a 10-step routine. Start with a basic routine and then add things in one at a time. That way you know if something irritates you and you can just go back to the basic routine until your skin clears up.", "link_id": "t3_chr0vh", "time": 1564094852}}
{"euwgryz": {"text": "IMO, most disappointing orgasm ever. Including when my vibrator decides to die at the worst possible moment.", "link_id": "t3_chi65k", "time": 1564075044}}
{"euw4o4y": {"text": "Eyeliner - I have hooded eyelids, so it makes my eyes look smaller. Occasionally I'll use a dark shadow sparingly as liner or I'll tightline with a liner pencil, but that's as far as I'll go. It also covers up my eyeshadow when my eyes are open and I want my eyeshadow to be seen. My eyes just look brighter without it.Foundation - Tbh I don't have a foundation in my collection that is the right shade, and they're also drying to my skin and settle into fine lines, so if I find one I like and I buy it then I might use it again, but my skin is clear now (after 15 years of acne) so I don't need it to cover blemishes. I just use a tinted sunscreen which covers my redness pretty well and put powder over it.Contour - I don't think it adds anything for me, except for a blended stripe of dark on my cheek. It doesn't make my cheeks look more chiseled, it just looks like I'm wearing too much makeup. Bronzer works way better on my complexion and face shape, so I just do bronzer in a C on my cheeks and temples and on my forehead into my hairline. No need for contour.", "link_id": "t3_chmgv3", "time": 1564070256}}
{"euopfpk": {"text": "I've been using straight up mineral oil to remove my makeup and sunscreen for like the past year or two. I get it at Bed Bath &amp; Beyond. I actually had a mini freakout the other day because my bottle is getting low and I have no idea what to use next! It's kind of inconvenient to me so I want to try something new. I have to use more cleanser to wash it off or use micellar water and cotton pads before cleansing, and the oil is very runny so it can get kinda messy. My skin is so finicky I don't know what else to try. It's kind of inconvenient to me so I want to try something new. Anywho, I don't know if I'm gonna try another oil with better packaging or try a cleansing oil or balm. Probably whichever is most economical and least likely to break me out!", "link_id": "t3_ch2726", "time": 1563945036}}
{"eugsfqh": {"text": "Colourpop's BYOP! I haven't tried their face powders, or built my own palette, but I like their shadows enough that I'm sure their face powders are nice. Maybe someone here had tried them?", "link_id": "t3_cgeipd", "time": 1563814022}}
{"eu8xm3a": {"text": "Find a new PT. After my hip surgery, my therapist encouraged activity, as much as I could handle, even when I was still on crutches. He had no problem with me returning to my regular activity (dancer, specifically ballet) about 2 1/2 months later. That was our mutual goal. And this is for a surgery, not \"my knee is hurting and I don't know why\". The last time I went to PT for that I was never told to stop exercising or being active. I was told the opposite, aside from \"don't do that if it hurts\". The exercises they give you are supposed to make your regular activity easier. If you stop activity there's no way PT is gonna help you. Your muscles will just turn to mush and you'll hurt yourself again as soon as you go back to your usual stuff.", "link_id": "t3_cf5uwb", "time": 1563567009}}
{"eu8vm6j": {"text": "I think with formulated skincare, it's very individual. I personally avoid fragrance, denatured alcohol, and fatty alcohols high on the ingredients list. I also avoid chemical UV filters because they sting my skin. Other people can tolerate those ingredients just fine, and stuff like fatty alcohols and chemical UV filters can be very good for your skin. The only one I would recommend people avoid is fragrance, but that's because companies aren't required to list what the specific fragrance ingredient is (it's usually just \"fragrance\" or \"parfum\", which can mean any of thousands of different chemicals, any of which can be a specific trigger or allergen).DIY skincare is a whole other ballgame. Never EVER use lemon juice or baking soda on your skin! That is very important. Essential oils are also a big no-no. So many essential oils are dangerous when applied to the skin, and it's troubling that they've become so trendy in DIY skincare. Even the ones that are considered safe in skincare are usually sensitizing, so I would just avoid them altogether unless you like really REALLY know what you're doing. But I think 99% of the people making these DIY recipes aren't experts on the dangers of EO's.", "link_id": "t3_cfb4d6", "time": 1563565729}}
{"eu8dxwa": {"text": "I still can't listen to Funkytown without seeing his hip bounce!", "link_id": "t3_cf2hm0", "time": 1563555163}}
{"eu6vtgv": {"text": "I had a similar thing myself. I had acne from 12-27, the only thing that ever helped was accutane, but then it came back. A clue for me should have been the fact that, once I was done with accutane, my skin was fine in the summer then horrible in the winter from the cold, dry wind, then fine again in the summer. After that though, my acne was permanently back and I nothing I did helped it. I was only focusing on actives. Moisturizers were hard for me to figure out because so many broke me out more, but I did have one that worked alright. But I made a big mistake and used saliciyic acid, glycolic acid, and benzoyl peroxide every day for like a week (after introducing everything one at a time, but still...) and my face felt like it was RIPPING underneath my acne. Everything clicked then, and I haven't used any actives since. I immediately shifted my focus to moisturizing and healing my skin. Now, I'm 29 and I haven't had what I would call acne in over a year! My skin is definitely still breakout prone though, but if I use something that breaks me out I just stop using that thing and the acne goes away in a couple days.It sucks because I totally knew what a moisture barrier is and that actives can damage it, but I never put it together that maybe that's what's keeping my acne around. It had to get painfully worse before I noticed how to make it better. It just never felt particularly dry to me. Of course in comparison to my skin now, it was definitely dry and scaly and textured and tight, but I just didn't notice it was a problem. It just sucks cause I feel like it all could have been solved earlier.I'm glad you figured your skin out before painfully wrecking it with actives! And I'm also glad something good came out of the airport losing your luggage!! Keep up the good work and baby your skin from now on. It took me a few months to a year for my acne to go away completely, so you have a few months of better and better and BETTER looking skin to look forward to. It's great!", "link_id": "t3_cey68j", "time": 1563510313}}
{"etxy0e2": {"text": "If you're fair-skinned, ELF Beautifully Bare face palette is nice and is only $8. It has a highlighter, 2 blushes, and a bronzer in it, plus a nice mirror so it's great for travelling. The highlight is subtle, but it's nice when you just want subtle. The bronzer is slightly cool-toned, one blush is peachy-pink and the other is peachy-nude. I would only recommend it for fai light skin however, otherwise it might not show up much at all. It's my go-to in summer and I love it year round when I just want something natural looking.", "link_id": "t3_cdyj6h", "time": 1563309797}}
{"etjusqi": {"text": "My understanding is that moisturizer acts as a \"buffer\" for actives. So if you want the most benefit from your AHA/BHA/retinoid, apply it before your moisturizer. If your skin is getting irritated, apply it after your moisturizer. You'll still get the benefits, but you'll avoid irritation.With wait times, that's kind of up to you. Most of the info I've heard is that it really doesn't matter whether you wait for your skin ph to adjust, the actives will still work just fine. However, with retinoids, water on your skin will make them way more potent, so those should be applied to dry skin, ideally 15 min. or so after washing. And like I said above, before moisturizer for maximum benefit. AHA's and BHA's can be applied to freshly washed skin just fine, whether you wait or not is up to you. I think another important factor is the phase of the AHA/BHA. If it's a liquid you want to put that on before a lotion, if it's a lotion you'd want to put that on after your toners/serums.", "link_id": "t3_ca3b41", "time": 1562881968}}
{"esgev1j": {"text": "Thank you! That's a lot for me to look into!", "link_id": "t3_c7ju51", "time": 1561951041}}
{"esgcxe2": {"text": "Is there a how-to somewhere about making your own masks? I'd be super interested in trying that out!", "link_id": "t3_c7ju51", "time": 1561949439}}
{"esgcs6m": {"text": "Seriously! I'd actually love to know of a good eye cream to try but I'm honestly scared to ask this sub cause I'm sure most of the responses would just be \"use your moisturizer under your eyes! Eye cream is just overpriced moisturizer!!\" Yeah, I already do that, adding a heavier moisturizer makes my eyes puffy, and the samples my mom gets me from her GWP's all have fragrance that makes me breakout by my temples. I'd love an SCA approved eye cream that isn't just \"your moisturizer\".", "link_id": "t3_c7ju51", "time": 1561949322}}
{"esgcc5h": {"text": "It took me way to long to realize Cerave foaming cleanser was doing the same thing. Switched to Vanicream and realized it definitely shouldn't take that long to rinse off a cleanser. And then my breakouts gradually went away....I still like their healing ointment though, but that's the only thing of theirs that's worked for me.", "link_id": "t3_c7ju51", "time": 1561948968}}
{"es9yezz": {"text": "This is EXACTLY what I've been trying to figure out the past few days. My eyes are similar and I've been feeling like they look so small with eyeshadow, even though I've been getting better with application. I really needed to see the comparison and how exactly to create the new crease. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!", "link_id": "t3_c6elmd", "time": 1561747351}}
{"es7tjdp": {"text": "I'm type 2 and smoked for years, until the beginning of this month. I started noticing it making me feel riled up and paranoid instead of calm, so I stopped completely. I've been doing well without it, considering I used it every single day for years. I changed my dosage of one of my meds so I'm guessing that made me react to it differently, and is probably also why I'm doing well without it.I would take extreme caution, especially with high THC. I would try something more CBD heavy honestly. It could swing you into mania or at least give you manic symptoms. Most psychiatrists will not think it's a good idea. At the very least there's not enough research to say it's good and not harmful. It's still an alternative medicine, and we don't know all the potential harms. Do what you want, I can't say it won't hurt to try because it might, so just be aware of the consequences if you do decide to try it out.", "link_id": "t3_c6ahmx", "time": 1561679426}}
{"es141zw": {"text": "TIL I share my birthday with George Orwell!!!!!", "link_id": "t3_c58zlt", "time": 1561488754}}
{"ervee32": {"text": "Wearing nail polish won't affect how fast or slow your nails grow. It can prevent them from breaking or chipping however, which will help them grow longer! As for base coat, it mainly helps with keeping the polish on your nail and preventing staining from darker polishes, so it won't necessarily ruin your nails unless they stain and that bothers you. That said, since you're a recovering nail biter, chipping polish might make you want to bite them, so if you're worried that might happen you could wait till you have a base coat.", "link_id": "t3_c1o03y", "time": 1561313609}}
{"ert0k90": {"text": "Right? Like I think \"Damn Girl\" is a lot tamer than \"Better than Sex\"....and that's just one product by one brand lol.", "link_id": "t3_c3ll3o", "time": 1561229148}}
{"eroguhh": {"text": "Happy Birthday!! I just got my own \"treat yo self\" bday gifts in the mail yesterday (jumping on the Modern Renaissance wagon a bit late but loving it so far)! I also got the DE set. Super excited to try it!", "link_id": "t3_c2zzij", "time": 1561078625}}
{"ercql8k": {"text": "Awesome! Glad it helped!!!", "link_id": "t3_c0p4as", "time": 1560719270}}
{"er76abo": {"text": "Combination/dehydrated, slightly oily forehead and dry cheeks. I'd say my skin looks the same with or without it, so not greasy but not fully matte. Definitely more matte than most sunscreens. It's almost like a BB cream.", "link_id": "t3_c0p6uz", "time": 1560568379}}
{"er6ouor": {"text": "Dehydrated and breakout prone here! Also, I had my first line in my forehead at 17 so I'm jealous.The Ordinary's Hyaluronic Acid + B5 serum is a good, no frills, budget option that I like a lot. I'm not using it right now because I have a few other products with HA but I'm gonna repurchase with my next TO order soon. If you want to try something a touch more exotic (and a bit more expensive), CosRx Snail 96 helped my dehydrated skin almost immediately when I started using it. I believe it works similarly to HA, but it's mainly protective and soothing. I will never let that go.A more recent addition to my routine has been pure unrefined shea butter. I used to use it after clay masks, but decided to use it daily this week to see if it helped with the dry texture on my cheeks. OH MY GOD!!!! My skin feels like a baby! And it doesn't make me feel greasy the next day and it doesn't break me out (so far, it has only been a week but my skin usually breaks out within a day or two of using the wrong moisturizer). So that's worth a try. I think oils make great moisturizers but by themselves they're not really enough for me so I'm glad I found something heavier that doesn't break me out and helped with the dry texture.", "link_id": "t3_c0p4as", "time": 1560552985}}
{"er6nul1": {"text": "Australian Gold Botanical Sunscreen spf 50! It's a physical sunscreen (I can't use chemical sunscreen) with a slight non-orange tint. It's not sticky or streaky when applied, but it's also not greasy. I wore it for three sunny days at a theme park last summer and only my chest and shoulders got sunburned (still need a good body sunscreen...)", "link_id": "t3_c0p6uz", "time": 1560552164}}
{"er6njk0": {"text": "Me and 2 of my sisters all struggled with acne. Accutane helped us all in high school, but then we got hormonal acne as adults. We've all managed to have it under control with just a good skincare routine now. However, I'm the only one who cannot tolerate fragrance or alcohols in my skincare without getting itchy and red. One of them can't use anything with oils, even mineral oil, and squalane gave her a reaction (thankfully it was a patch test). Squalane is the only oil I've used for moisture that doesn't break me out (I want to try rosehip though). We have VERY different routines that work well for each of us, but if we traded routines all of our faces would break out and react horribly.", "link_id": "t3_c0p814", "time": 1560551953}}
{"er6mk1j": {"text": "With my skin (mild rosacea), I've noticed this happens when I use products with fragrance. If you're skin is itchy/burning or the redness doesn't go down for a while, there could be something irritating in your moisturizer. My skin also gets red when I do a clay mask, but that's exfoliating so I'm not surprised. The redness after a mask lasts for up to an hour for me, but then it goes away and my skin doesn't have any problems. If it's only red after applying moisturizer and the redness goes down with no problem, then it's probably just the action of rubbing moisturizer in. You could try not rubbing as hard, but if it's not causing more problems then you're probably ok.", "link_id": "t3_c0phll", "time": 1560551272}}
{"er6flq2": {"text": "Ugh, my mom literally every day it's sunny outside. Once when I was 10, she sent me to a pool party with an spf 15 tanning oil, and I let two of my friends use it. We all had a horrible sunburn by the end of the day. My dad meanwhile has had melanoma and a couple other non-melanoma skin cancers, and recently lost one of his brothers to melanoma less than a month after being diagnosed. My mom is literally outside right now \"getting some sun\". Also, the tanning oil is expired and she \"doesn't believe in that\" when I told her that sunscreens do expire. I know they do because this one time in bio lab we cultured uv-sensitive bacteria with sunscreen on top (spf 15, spf 30, spf 45, and plain lotion for control) and our results were all messed up because the spf 30 and spf 45 were expired. Fun fact, unexpired spf 15 works better than expired spf 30 or spf 45.I don't think she'll ever learn.", "link_id": "t3_c0kz9g", "time": 1560546635}}
{"er5rpa2": {"text": "It took me 10 years and burnt me all the way out. I graduated last year and have since had the most difficult year of my life. I can't get a normal job (work part-time for my mom right now) and can barely socialize. I have a lot of work left to do to get out of this funk. But shit, I graduated. That's more than I thought was possible. It's never too late. But damn the struggle is real.", "link_id": "t3_c0hf6i", "time": 1560532114}}
{"eqydhmw": {"text": "Crowd-sourced information can be valuable, but it can also be harmfully inaccurate (anti-vaxx for example). Anything said on this sub is only speculation at this point and at the end of the day it won't change what is truly wrong, which can only be determined by a medical professional looking at your skin in person. It also sounds like this issue is more than skin-deep and could be very harmful to your health if you don't seek medical help.", "link_id": "t3_bzulzz", "time": 1560381534}}
{"eqkwxtz": {"text": "Oh interesting, it does have kind of a strong smell, like paint or something. A lot of cosmetics use \"masking fragrance\" to tone down the scent of ingredients, maybe this is just what it smells like without any masking fragrance? I never really thought about it, but yeah it's advertised as fragrance-free and there's no fragrance listed in the ingredients (just checked).", "link_id": "t3_bygfli", "time": 1560132886}}
{"eqkctd1": {"text": "Have you tried Australian Gold spf 50 tinted sunscreen? I just checked the ingredients on mine and I don't see fatty alcohols, just silicones. It's only 4% zinc oxide though, but it's my favorite mineral sunscreen that I've tried. The tint is like half a shade darker than me (if that), which is loads better than any other tinted sunscreen I've tried, and the tint is on the pinker side, so not yellow or orange on me. It's not very greasy at all, also not drying like other mineral sunscreens. It's really easy to apply and reapply. Also, even though it's called \"botanical sunscreen\" there's no EO's or fragrance in it.", "link_id": "t3_bygfli", "time": 1560120474}}
{"epj4kcc": {"text": "Of all the meds I've tried, lamotrigine has done the best job with the least side effects. I still have some side effects, like getting tongue-tied sometimes and feeling a bit mentally slow (like 90% instead of 100%). Not a whole lot to complain about. And it's one of those meds that easily feels like it's \"not working\" because it makes me feel so natural, not drugged up. I've made the mistake of dropping it twice because it \"didn't do much\" and it turns out it does a whole lot lol. Right now I take it with mirtazepine, but I've taken it by itself and in combination with others. I've always done best while taking it.", "link_id": "t3_but7s0", "time": 1559247158}}
{"enn521g": {"text": "I'm wearing the same color, I love it! Looks gorgeous!", "link_id": "t3_bonlpj", "time": 1557941024}}
{"eld78u3": {"text": "This past year has made me reevaluate my relationship with weed. I still smoke every day, but only like half as much and I no longer need to have it in my system to feel okay, which in and of itself is great. Whether it helps or not, it's never fun to be tied to any substance. Weed was a way to help when I was misdiagnosed and put on the wrong meds (after being properly diagnosed and on the right meds previously) and it helped me finally succeed in school, find a job, make friends, etc. It took me 10 years to finish college, but the only reason I did is because I started smoking weed 4 or 5 years in. And I graduated with honors (thank god you get a new gpa when you transfer lol). So at times when I was lowest and had nothing, not even the right meds, weed helped me through.But I notice the bad effects as well. I don't think it's ever triggered hypomania for me, or made me more depressed, but I'm sure it's contributed to the constant unmotivated depression I deal with. Even though I experienced that before smoking, I'm sure smoking isn't helping that directly if at all. It helps when I'm sad-depressed, but not unmotivated-depressed. I started feeling the slight twinge of paranoid anxiety when smoking too much, so I no longer smoke a lot at once. I see benefits still, but also negative effects. I enjoy it, but I want to get to a point where I'm okay without it and can enjoy it once a week or so.Lately I've also been thinking about what exactly sobriety is to me. I stopped drinking (never really had a problem with it, just noticed negative effects, then had months of medication adjustments so decided to just stop). I recently came off benzos, and that was a rough withdrawal. If I can stop those, I can probably stop anything. Yet I still smoke cigarettes....I even stopped drinking coffee/caffeine more than a year ago after drinking 3 cups a day for years. Helped my anxiety and circadian rhythm. Quitting these things makes me feel good. But stopping meds the few times I did also made me feel good. I didn't feel like a slave to these meds and I felt fine unmedicated, until I didn't anymore. When I stopped meds and felt like shit, I turned to weed and it helped. But how is that help different than the help that meds give me? And am I really sober if I'm on medications that affect my brain? If I'm not on these meds, my mind is a hell-hole. I can't be completely drug-free without mentally suffering. It's just been a thing on my mind, like what exactly is \"sober\"? Especially with medical marijuana getting more and more traction and that being my drug of choice and my life-saver in times of distress.Anyway, my experience is my experience. Everyone experiences weed differently, and it's important to pay attention to what it's doing for you. I think there's a strong idea that weed is \"safe\" because it's safer than other drugs and it's been wrongly vilified for so long, but we haven't had a chance to research it's effects fully, meaning we don't know the true dangers it may have. All medications have side effects. So thanks for this post, it's important to treat it with caution.", "link_id": "t3_bfcqqv", "time": 1555785125}}
{"el4f07s": {"text": "&gt;**BPD mood swings** are usually spontaneous (occurring for seemingly no reason at all), or triggered by environmental factors (eg. diets, sleeping patterns, stress). **BPD mood swings** are caused more so by interpersonal relationships and the stresses therein. Was one of those meant to say bipolar mood swings? If I were to guess, based on reading and my personal experience (BP2, no BPD), bipolar mood swings are more influenced by diet, sleep, stress, etc. and BPD swings are more triggered by interpersonal relationships. Or is it the other way around?", "link_id": "t3_be76wf", "time": 1555526057}}
{"eko4d7q": {"text": "Yup. It started shortly after I started Lamictal. It is a common enough side effect while taking it. It doesn't happen every day, but some days I just trip up on my words and can't get them out, or completely forget a basic word I was about to say. It's kind of annoying when it happens. I think it was worse when I started, but I've been on it over 2 years so I don't remember.", "link_id": "t3_bc5g4f", "time": 1555023194}}
{"ekkhgx3": {"text": "Are you a man or a woman? (I'll assume man for the rest of my post just to pick one). If you're a man, is it enough to just dress and look like a woman to now \"be a woman\"? Can you grow your hair long and put on makeup and now be a woman (acting like a woman)? More than likely you will feel like a man dressed as a woman, not like an actual woman. If you had different genitals, you would still look and act the same way you're acting and still identify as yourself, but would you now consider yourself a woman (identify as a woman) with short hair who wears suits to work and doesn't shave her legs?There's an identity that is separate from your physical body, and it influences how we behave and act. It's how we establish ourselves as part of the \"in-group\" with our gender and how we distinguish ourselves from other genders. If you're cis-gendered, the sex and gender \"match\". You have a penis and identify as a man. So it's not easy to see that the two are different aspects of yourself. If you're cis-gendered, you still have a gender identity. You can't simply switch. You have an identity and you act that identity out every day to the point that it's second nature.", "link_id": "t3_bbneym", "time": 1554922665}}
{"ekkeprk": {"text": "You mean they're physically and genetically not *males*. Men are people who act like and identify as men. Males have penises, females have vaginas. Some females identify as men, like many males identify as men. A female who identifies as a man still has a uterus and still gets periods. It's simple. Maybe not easy to understand, but pretty simple nonethelessSex and gender are not the same thing.", "link_id": "t3_bbneym", "time": 1554921019}}
{"ejg77pt": {"text": "What was the documentary?", "link_id": "t3_b5nbup", "time": 1553636240}}
{"eja3i4l": {"text": "Children can get Type 2 diabetes from diet. That's what's so sad about it. Children used to only have type 1 because it's autoimmune and not acquired, but I think sometime around the 80's children started acquiring type 2, and now a lot more children have it. And it can totally be prevented.", "link_id": "t3_b4vot9", "time": 1553450288}}
{"ej2v5sj": {"text": "Oh now I wanna read that again.", "link_id": "t3_b3tjly", "time": 1553210682}}
{"eiz4b8p": {"text": "Hey, stigma is a fucked up thing and parents can be a major influence on that if they hold those points of view (I'm speaking from experience, I can relate). If you don't get support from your parents, that's totally fine. Your future therapist will support you. If you don't have close friends you can confide in now, you will make them as your situation gets better. If you have them now, don't be afraid to reach out. I have a close friend who called me a month ago after us not talking for almost a year and he apologized for having been depressed and withdrawn for awhile and I was like \"Dude, same!\" It was refreshing to talk to someone who isn't my family (not particularly supportive) or my boyfriend (supportive by default and a total saint) and who felt the same way and we both understand and have each others' backs.But no matter what, you will be your biggest support. You will support yourself more than your therapist and friends and family will because you're with yourself every second of every day. And making a therapy appointment is supporting yourself! So is acknowledging your depression and the fact you need some help to get out. So you don't need to care about what people who don't care think of you. They're wrong. Period. You're right. Take care!", "link_id": "t3_b3btha", "time": 1553105449}}
{"eiz1jvf": {"text": "Depression and anxiety can be so easily missed sometimes! When my anxiety became bad, I thought I just had a heart problem that was being blown off by doctors (it's just stress! also I'm a woman and I was 17 at the time, I knew they would say anxiety and not heart problem so that made my anxiety/\"heart problem\" worse). Then my second semester of college I just slept all the time and had no motivation to study or go to class. No sadness or anything like that, just an unwillingness to do things and a need for 12 hours of sleep. I ultimately wised up and saw a counselor on campus, and she told me that was a depressive episode. I did not figure it out myself, wtf. She also told me that the \"heart condition\" that started at 17 was likely panic attacks. Again, no idea those were panic attacks, or how frequently those are confused for heart attacks.So then I saw a psychiatrist and was prescribed zoloft, an SSRI. I had a lot of hesitations, but at that point I needed help and therapy was doing great but it wasn't enough. When the zoloft kicked in, I thought I was feeling better. However, a lot of things were really off. I was only sleeping 3-4 hours at a time, and whenever I felt like it not just at night. I was cleaning obsessively, like hand-washing all my dishes 3 times in a row. For about a week, I thought the only thing humans needed to eat were bananas, like the chimps who are so closely related to us (I obviously know chimps don't only eat bananas and that humans have different nutritional needs than other primates....). This lasted like a month, and there are other things that happened that I don't want to type. Point is that, once again, something was going on with my mental health and I couldn't recognize that at all, even months after this happened. I finally told a new psychiatrist about it over a year later, and that's when I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 disorder. That doctor was actually suspicious that I had it but telling him about that crazy month sealed it in for him.For those who don't know, it was a manic episode that made me not sleep, clean excessively, etc. that was caused by the zoloft. People with bipolar disorders can easily experience them on SSRI's or SNRI's, especially when taken on their own, which is unfortunate because those are the first meds they prescribe for depression, and for me it gave me my first manic episode.Where the hell would my life be now if I never sought help for this? Even with treatment, things are difficult, but I could have so easily just not have gotten help. I know quite a few people with bipolar disorder that don't get regular treatment, and they're in and out of hospitals and frequent drug users and stuff and continue in this cycle (I love all of them and support them, I just notice the patterns). At the same time, others I didn't even know had bipolar disorder until they told me what meds they were on and they're the same as mine. So when people tell me I \"don't seem bipolar\", it's not that they're denying I have this illness, it's that the treatment is working.If things are off, just get help! And be honest! Seriously. The professionals know more than you do. Anything that's off, just tell them. Mental health professionals are there to help. Even if they mess up, their intention is always to help you. Do not put it off. It's been a little over 10 years since this started and I will be at my psych appointment this time tomorrow because treatment and regular check-ins are super important!", "link_id": "t3_b3btha", "time": 1553103694}}
{"eiuon9m": {"text": "Exercise.", "link_id": "t3_b2o0lf", "time": 1552964919}}
{"eiizkf5": {"text": "Here you go!AM:Garnier Micellar water with the pink cap on cotton round, rinse with waterCosRX Snail MucinCetaphil Daily Hydrating LotionAustralian Gold spf 50PM:Mineral oil to take off sunscreen and any makeupVanicream Gentle Facial CleanserCosRX Snail MucinThe Ordinary HAThe Ordinary BuffetCetaphil Daily Hydrating LotionThe Ordinary SqualaneIf I feel like it, Cerave Healing Ointment as occlusiveHope that helps! Everything that I haven't already repurchased will definitely be repurchased, except maybe Buffet. It makes my skin a little thicke but for the price I could take it or leave it.", "link_id": "t3_b0nvs0", "time": 1552586778}}
{"eigdedy": {"text": "It's an amazing feeling isn't it? I had acne from age 12-27, I'm 28 now. Mine did go away for a bit when I was 18 (accutane is great) but then hormonal acne came. I'd say it was moderate but persistent acne, except when my Mirena was put in, that was on the severe side. Now, I only get one or two zits every now an then, usually around my period, and they're gone in a day or two. Like magic? It's so strange but I love it. I also love that I can tell if a product is actually breaking me out or not, like my toothpaste around my mouth. And it makes patch testing so much easier because now I have clear skin to test on.&amp;#x200B;I'm glad you fixed it so fast as well. I found this sub when I was like 23 and it saved my skin but couldn't save my acne for years. It turns out I was destroying my moisture barrier with chemical exfoliants, so I made my routine ultra basic to heal, then added moisturizers that don't have my \"break me out\" ingredients, and it took months for it to gradually go away. My skin is just a hassle I guess, always has been. I have a treat it like a science project apparently if I want it to be smooth lol.", "link_id": "t3_b0nvs0", "time": 1552506625}}
{"eh49ttt": {"text": "I believe that was \"the sponge\". The diaphragm went flying across the floor and made that virgin feel self-conscious.", "link_id": "t3_atw9tg", "time": 1550947442}}
{"egzbpm9": {"text": "Omg same, I almost forgot! I had a dual ended physicians formula concealer, one end green the other regular concealer. The regular one totally didn't cover up the green all the way. There were always green patches on my face! But I thought it looked better than acne....", "link_id": "t3_at45mq", "time": 1550782578}}
{"egbxcej": {"text": "What's your DIY recipe? I want to try a setting spray but I'm scared of fragrances and alcohol denat. and on a budget so I'm thinking of going the DIY route.", "link_id": "t3_apu5wo", "time": 1550003301}}
{"eg3smiv": {"text": "Ugh, reading this thread makes me miss my black and green teas! I love tea but I've been caffeine free for about a year for good reasons...I should find some decaf black and green teas!Anyway, I'm big on herbal teas right now. I'm drinking the Tazo Passion tea, it's very hibiscus-y and has a nice strong flavor by itself. I also love chamomile, peppermint, rooibos, and various flavored teas. I never add anything most of the time, with any tea really, but just a splash of milk in rooibos tea completely transforms it so I add milk to that.Black tea tastes great with lemon, especially when you're sick. Earl gray tastes good with a splash of milk too, but I haven't tried milk in many black teas. I prefer lemon. Green tea tastes good with a tiny bit of honey or I'll add some mint leaves (if it's loose tea) or a peppermint tea bag to make it minty. I will usually add sugar if I'm making iced tea, but often just leave it plain. I love the taste of plain tea, I find it very refreshing, but I know it's not everyone's \"cup of tea\" (I'm so sorry, I was gonna type another phrase but I couldn't resist).", "link_id": "t3_aot1hc", "time": 1549738889}}
{"eg1ai7q": {"text": "I don't wear mascara every day, so I wait up to a year before tossing it. If the formula is too dry or too clumpy, it gets tossed. When I wore it every day, I would replace mascara every 3-6 months, but that's about the time I would notice the formula going off anyway. So I go by the formula, but never longer than a year.", "link_id": "t3_aocvxv", "time": 1549651290}}
{"efofg9m": {"text": "Right? If I don't pan mine I might depot it just to keep the little compact as a pill container or something. It's adorable!", "link_id": "t3_amnzz1", "time": 1549225184}}
{"efof693": {"text": "Damn I didn't even think of that, but that's unfortunately realistic.", "link_id": "t3_ampld5", "time": 1549224973}}
{"efob5t5": {"text": "Wow, I'm glad other people had that same thought. I was so disappointed when I got the mini because I'd heard so much about how good this blush was, especially the pigmentation. I don't mind too much I guess because I'm fair-skinned so it does look like a natural flush this way, but I have to swirl my brush pretty hard to get any color payoff which is weird to me.Also it turns out I'm not a fan of the gold sparkles so at least it was free.", "link_id": "t3_amnzz1", "time": 1549221924}}
{"efoai6s": {"text": "I like megaslicks! They're cheap, not sticky, and more moisturizing than other glosses I've tried. But that price man....I love it!Funny story, a few months ago they were BOGO at my CVS and I picked up a clear pink (they were out of clear but this one looks clear on the lips) and a rose gold one because why not? When I put the rose gold one one, this huge wave of nostalgia hit me. I used to buy these when I was in middle school/early high school (I'm 28 btw) and I'm 99% sure the rose gold gloss I bought was one of my first colored lip products I ever purchased with my own money. I've never unintentionally repurchased a product until then, and it was from my early days of makeup!", "link_id": "t3_amlmkq", "time": 1549221419}}
{"eflu1kl": {"text": "I'm using maybelline expert eyes eyemakeup remover. It's fragrance free! I use the waterproof one in the pink cap cause I wear waterproof mascara, which is a little oily feeling. I've never tried the blue cap one (for washable eye makeup) but that one's oil free.", "link_id": "t3_amc6na", "time": 1549132561}}
{"eflsw14": {"text": "CoverGirl Clump Crusher looks super natural. Almost like wearing no mascara, but in a good way cause your lashes look naturally gorgeous.", "link_id": "t3_amc6na", "time": 1549131687}}
{"efjgicv": {"text": "Wattles for sure!! It looks kinda orange-y on me, but it's still beautiful. I've fooled a few people into thinking I did an elaborate look with at least three colors when I just slapped that stuff on and called it a day. Mine's starting to dry up though, I've had it like a year and it's only half gone.", "link_id": "t3_am4mb1", "time": 1549048133}}
{"efduuwd": {"text": "Same! My eyes look more awake without liner, and you can actually see my eyeshadow. When I feel like it, I will tightline with a brown liner (fair skin, blue eyes, I actually prefer the brown). But tightlining takes time! So most of the time I don't bother, but I will tightline for special occasions or stage.", "link_id": "t3_alcf1u", "time": 1548878164}}
{"ef5fq1i": {"text": "Also avoiding drugs and alcohol. My psychiatrist tells me her most successful and functional patients don't drink or do drugs. I enjoy drinking, but I also enjoy not feeling depressed, and one night of fun can lead to a whole week or more of icky mood for me. (Also it interacts with a lot of psychiatric meds, so that ain't great.) So yeah, I'll be boring and not drink unless it's a special occasion, go to bed at a reasonable hour, eat healthy foods, and stick to my schedule. It's actually worth it.", "link_id": "t3_akf11g", "time": 1548649763}}
{"ef4cs0s": {"text": "&gt; Now, for some reason I feel like adding mascara is the difference between me \u201cwearing a makeup look\u201d or not, even if I\u2019m wearing other products.This is me but with foundation! I used to think I *needed* foundation, or at least a tinted moisturizer or concealer, in order to \"wear makeup\". It was so annoying because I hate the foundations I've tried and the one I have now just emphasizes texture from my (finally under control!!) acne. But anytime I wanted to wear eyeshadow or lipstick or mascara even, I always felt like I needed to wear foundation for it to count as \"wearing makeup\".Now I totally don't care about foundation and concealer and doing makeup is so much more fun for me. I've been wearing makeup so much more often too! But the other day my boyfriend complimented my makeup and I said something like \"I'm not wearing that much really, just eyeshadow, mascara, face powder, bronzer, blush, highlight, lips, oh and eye primer and face primer\". So even though I've been \"foundation free\" for like 6 months, my mind still thinks I'm \"not wearing makeup\" if I'm not wearing foundation lol.", "link_id": "t3_akaj9r", "time": 1548618862}}
{"eeyl941": {"text": "I've spent the past few years underweight and am only starting to gain weight now because of a medication side effect, but I'm still underweight. I restrict a lot of foods and lose my appetite when I'm stressed, and have a low appetite in general, but even when I improved my diet I had trouble gaining weight on my own. My hair is long, at my rib cage, and I've noticed increased shedding in times of stress, but I don't have bald spots and my hair is generally healthy.Being underweight could just be your body type if it's been that way your whole life, but since you have restrictive eating habits that could contribute to hair loss. Not getting enough vitamins/minerals can do that, so if you don't have variety in your diet and you're not eating much to begin with, an obvious way to help with hair loss would be to fix your diet. At the very least, you should be taking a multivitamin. Whether you're losing hair or not, your diet doesn't have enough variety for you to be getting all your vitamins and minerals, so maybe start with that. Just a regular multivitamin will do, nothing fancy. The multivitamin will give you enough vitamins/minerals while you adjust your diet to include more variety. I've never seen a nutritionist myself, but I think that would be a really good idea and I'm sure they'd be helpful.Also, there are a variety of chronic illnesses that can cause weight loss and hair loss. Hormone disorders/thyroid problems and celiac disease come to mind, but there are others. Since you've been underweight and small your whole life, there could be something underlying that no one's caught yet. Going to the doctor and getting thoroughly checked out would be smart.", "link_id": "t3_ajq46r", "time": 1548449484}}
{"eepkpg9": {"text": "Oh no, that's not what I was trying to say at all! I agree, mental illness frequently gets romanticized when it's not romantic at all. And so many people are creative without having any mental illness. However, the two are seen together a lot, that's why they're associated. Creativity is not caused by mental illness, and that is a well known fact. (That's why I said \"associated with\" and not \"caused by\" in my original post).I was trying to say that Brandon's creativity in making his company wasn't related to him being detached from reality. It couldn't have been, because he needed to be attached to be successful. I hope that makes sense. I don't want anyone to get the wrong idea.", "link_id": "t3_aid1w5", "time": 1548183232}}
{"een90fg": {"text": "Not to mention that lots of mental illness gets misdiagnosed or disregarded (by \"normal\" people as opposed to professionals) even when diagnosed correctly, and that many individuals with a particular diagnosis experience their illnesses very differently. Discussions around mental illness, especially when it's about how we as regular people (not doctors or professionals) can identify someone who needs help and how best to help them should be centered more on symptoms/collections of symptoms and behavior patterns. Labels don't really matter when all is said and done.", "link_id": "t3_aid1w5", "time": 1548106487}}
{"een85bd": {"text": "Creativity and spontaneity are so frequent among the mentally ill, regardless of how attached they are to reality. In fact, he had to have some real attachment to make his company what it is. He filled in a noticeable gap in the skincare industry, something no other brand bothered to do (creative) and did it successfully (attached to the real world). To put it simply, I think his creativity and spontaneity were for sure associated with his mental health, but the detachment from reality came later. Otherwise the company would have never kicked off the way it did.It's so sad to see a brilliant person like that succumb to the worst parts of mental illness. It's sad that so many people reached out, but that in the end he needed to want that help and he just didn't want it in time. This news hit me really hard as I struggle with a mental illness, and have struggled a lot the past few months. It's just a very sad reality that someone can go from amazing and talented to paranoid and withdrawn and have it end there.", "link_id": "t3_aid1w5", "time": 1548105882}}
{"een6fdr": {"text": "I probably will eventually! Maybe as a reward or birthday gift to myself later. It's been out for a few years so the hype has wound down, so I know I want it for the colors and formula not because of hype (unlike the Naked palettes...thank god I swatched in store).", "link_id": "t3_aid4hi", "time": 1548104753}}
{"een585t": {"text": "I make a big batch of rice and keep it in my fridge for meals. Like others said, add a bit of water (maybe like a tablespoon if I was measuring) when microwaving and it'll taste just fine. It's so easy to keep it in my fridge to reheat as needed. Also make sure the container it's in is airtight. But even if it's not and the rice dries out, add some water and put it in the microwave. Good as new!And fried rice! Refrigerated rice makes the best fried rice!", "link_id": "t3_aie0je", "time": 1548103972}}
{"een3zri": {"text": "Since you brought up antihaulers, I'm gonna say a warm neutrals eyeshadow palette. I have a bronzey palette, a cool berry/mauvey one, and a \"cool\" basic neutrals palette (on me the colors pull neutral, on my warmer sister they look officially cool, interesting). I just never got on the \"warm neutrals\" bandwagon. I will say though that a lot of colors pull warmer on my eyes than how they look in the pan/how they swatch on my arm/how they swatch on an internet stranger's arm, so I can make warm looks with the colors I have. I only have one mid-toned brown that looks like brown and not orange, and it's ABH Warm Taupe. Any other brown that I have will give me the \"warm neutrals\" look without having to buy more eyeshadow. I may buy some singles in orange/red shades just to experiment though, but not today.In the same vein I guess, I don't have ABH Modern Renaissance (or any ABH palette), but I actually want it for some reason? Which is strange because I already have Warm Taupe and Buon Fresco in a custom ABH quad and one of my other palettes has a berry shade that I know looks nice on me. It's in the Colourpop You Had Me At Hello, and maybe that palette's enough of a dupe to get the idea across? I don't know, but for some reason I really want Modern Renaissance. And maybe the fact that I don't have a \"warm neutrals\" palette would make it a good addition to my collection, as it's not nearly as fiery looking as other warm palettes. I know I would use it and use every color, like I do all my eyeshadow palettes, but I don't technically need it. I just want it. And it doesn't help that my boyfriend reached for it at Sephora the other day as soon as I told him I wanted it. So wholesome having a mini-argument over why he doesn't need to buy me something lol.", "link_id": "t3_aid4hi", "time": 1548103155}}
{"eedavsa": {"text": "She has such a soothing voice!", "link_id": "t3_ahc5f3", "time": 1547832090}}
{"eeagevr": {"text": "Were you using any retinol products at the time (differin, accutane, tretinoin, etc.)? I have thin stretchy skin on my eyelids, but I can't imagine my skin getting ripped off from lash glue, but hey I don't wear falsies lol. However, when I was like 14 I got my eyebrows waxed for the first time and didn't tell the esthetician I was using differin (she didn't ask! I didn't know! my mom did not pay when it was over...) and all the skin the wax touched was ripped off. Even though I haven't used retinoids in years, I'm still scared to get ANYTHING waxed after that. Even though I've gotten a couple eyebrow waxes since and been fine, I avoid waxing. You just never get over something like that.", "link_id": "t3_agsil7", "time": 1547749443}}
{"ee5jrpu": {"text": "Oh no, I was looking forward to replacing mine soon! Good to know, thanks!", "link_id": "t3_ag6agl", "time": 1547591953}}
{"edr83uc": {"text": "Ugh. Yeah. I thought I was doing really well the past week or so, and particularly not in a manic way and totally in a normal stable way. Then I forgot to eat until midnight yesterday because I was thinking about something (makeup maybe??) for too long.And today was the crash. And now I know. It was just stupid fucking hypomania. Again. Dammit.", "link_id": "t3_aekvy8", "time": 1547162075}}
{"ed8qy7v": {"text": "Omg I haven't cut my hair in a year....I'm just gonna check for split ends now.", "link_id": "t3_acjgls", "time": 1546626764}}
{"ed675b2": {"text": "Yes, I want my hair played with! My boyfriend is the only guy that hasn't played with my hair, like just stroking it while watching tv or whatever. It's long and soft and he's the ONLY person I would let play with my hair now, but he doesn't. I think he just doesn't know how? I've asked him and told him how, but there's just something hesitant there and he never does it except on the rare occasion I bring it up.I play with his hair all the time, I want my scalp caressed too!", "link_id": "t3_ac4z9q", "time": 1546545608}}
{"ed3exxn": {"text": "&gt; I just think labeling someone lazy and entitled, rather than struggling seems unfair. We all go through difficult times and some people struggle in certain areas more than others. I think in order to help others it makes sense to just try to figure out wtf is going on with someone, and that comes from non-judgment. Judgment clouds your ability to problem solve.Beautifully said. Everyone struggles. And everyone judges, even in small ways we don't realize. Rather than judge, we need to simply witness what's going on. Way easier said than done.", "link_id": "t3_abtzgi", "time": 1546455678}}
{"ed3cc1q": {"text": "I use Shea Moisture Coconut Water shampoo and conditioner. It's for \"fine, wavy or curly hair\" but my hair is straight. I've used other lines of Shea Moisture shampoo and conditioner, and they worked fine when I was blonde. Now that my hair is natural colored, I don't need too much moisture anymore, and this line is great for my hair. I usually put product in for some more lift at the scalp, but my hair is just long right now so I don't think any shampoo can give me volume up there lol, especially since I prefer natural formulas for washing and conditioning.Since it's mostly trial and error though, I suggest buying small(er) bottles of shampoo and conditioner (no jumbo sizes) and just try things out. If there are travel sizes you can buy, that would be good for figuring out what works best without too much waste.", "link_id": "t3_abvdkw", "time": 1546453773}}
{"ed3aixe": {"text": "I agree, just based on my own personal experience with mental illness and looking for a job. That said, the big problem I see is that they're living above their means in that big house. If it's a serious problem she's having, she needs to be willing to downsize. It would solve financial worries, leading to less stress in their relationship and (hopefully) she'd be in a better position to get a job. Also if it's really that bad, there's always disability. Also, therapy? No mention of that anywhere, but if that's her excuse then she better be getting it.The thing that really gets me is that he wants kids and she doesn't. It's just a matter of time before her husband realizes he doesn't have what he really wants....", "link_id": "t3_abtzgi", "time": 1546452449}}
{"ecyorka": {"text": "Yeah, if you want to target glutes in that pose, don't point your foot or rotate the leg out. Even if it looks \"sloppy\" by comparison.", "link_id": "t3_ab3y60", "time": 1546284165}}
{"ecyn8po": {"text": "If he's 19M, then the face ID thing could be because of a change in bone structure over time as he's likely still growing in ways. I feel like that's more likely than acne affecting it.", "link_id": "t3_ab5u0a", "time": 1546283107}}
{"ectn373": {"text": "I wish it were easier to simply ask for names. I would love it if a mini-review was required or \"strongly encouraged\".", "link_id": "t3_aad8hw", "time": 1546114866}}
{"ecqxf37": {"text": "If only I could give more than 1 upvote...This is amazing! Thanks for all the reviews!", "link_id": "t3_aa2xml", "time": 1546023431}}
{"ecm7l32": {"text": "Hey there! I'm in a very similar boat as you, mental health-wise. I was officially diagnosed with bipoar 2 disorder like a month and a half ago. I had been putting off getting \"real help\" for a while, and I was barely functioning for a few months. But now I have a psychiatrist and therapist, adjusted my meds (I was on meds before, just not seeing a psych), and have been doing much better the past month! You're not alone in your struggle, it's hard and I know that it's been really hard lately, but we all have your back!In general, makeup use has been a good indicator of my mental health status. Since maybe July when things were getting beyond my control, I didn't care to even touch my makeup. Forget looking presentable or anything, I wasn't gonna be bothered with the effort of even thinking about whether or not I should put something on my face. I had most of my makeup just sitting on my dresser, unused, and I had no desire to wear it. Opposite to you, I didn't even let myself think about buying makeup because, as much as I like and want certain things, I just didn't feel like I deserved any of it. Also, finances held me back and I was obsessively anxious about losing all my money, so that probably helped. I did buy a Wet n Wild highlighter because the only other highlighter I have is in a face palette, and I paid for it using CVS extrabucks that I got after filling my prescriptions. Other than that I bought nothing.But over the past month, with my meds adjusted and kicking in, I've been playing with makeup a lot more. I started off just organizing what I had and cleaning everything, reminding me that I have this stuff and I like it. I even decluttered some things and gave them to my sister! Then I would practice different things at home, like doing 3 looks with this eyeshadow palette or using highlighter as a face powder or creating a look with this blush I never use. Literally just playing with my makeup. Then I started wearing makeup during the day, even trying some new looks and wearing them out and around people. And I realized how good it made me feel! And that I deserve to look pretty, because I am! For the past couple weeks, I've been wearing makeup almost daily, even if it's just lipgloss and an eyeshadow applied with my finger. Makeup has been one of the most reliable signs of how I'm doing right now, and it's been helping me see my recovery--like, actually see it in the mirror! It's also making me feel more confident and happy with myself, even without makeup, so it's helping me improve as well!", "link_id": "t3_a9po4f", "time": 1545864288}}
{"eclzbx9": {"text": "My sister's an artist with a gigantic paint brush collection, and some of her brushes are pretty soft! I think the soft ones were water color brushes? Majority of them are super rough though compared to makeup brushes.", "link_id": "t3_a9prgi", "time": 1545858084}}
{"eckt8cs": {"text": "Well, I've had mine maybe...4 years? lol, just started actively panning it, using it as my only lipbalm (and I reapply often!) for about a month now. I wasn't really a fan of eos lipbalms, but after using this for a while I don't think they're half bad!", "link_id": "t3_a9hmmc", "time": 1545817927}}
{"ecjlc6y": {"text": "How long did it take you?I'm trying to pan my Coconut Milk Eos balm and I thought it would take me forever, but looking at this fresh one makes me realize I've actually made lots of progress!!", "link_id": "t3_a9hmmc", "time": 1545773822}}
{"ec7ss3n": {"text": "THIS THIS THIS!!!! I would have been mortified if I thought no one was home and then was walked in on while masturbating, even if it was by my boyfriend who had a key. I agree that OP should apologize for walking in on her and knock the next time.", "link_id": "t3_a7ys8h", "time": 1545350330}}
{"ec5hwtj": {"text": "I'm in the US. I've been hearing \"bioinformatics\" for at least 10 years now. (People kept trying to make me study it...I majored in dance lol)", "link_id": "t3_a7k2k7", "time": 1545270102}}
{"ec4pyar": {"text": "I've had my bottle since July 2017. I use it about every 2-3 days, but there's about an inch left. They're sold out at Ulta so I've been using slightly less until they're back in stock. So it lasts a while for sure.", "link_id": "t3_a7elau", "time": 1545247103}}
{"ebzj25i": {"text": "To me, it's okay, kind of sharp and citrus-y and I think very classy. I don't really have anything to complain about, except that it's just not me. I'm on the hunt for my \"signature scent\", and I guess I'm looking for something a little softer and sweeter (not too sweet!) and less musky. Their Happy Heart is more up my alley. All in all, it's a good perfume, just not what I'm looking for in my forever scent.", "link_id": "t3_a711o5", "time": 1545065484}}
{"ebzhm9u": {"text": "Hey I've been using Clinique Happy as a linen spray, air freshener, and, occasionally, as a perfume just to use it up.", "link_id": "t3_a711o5", "time": 1545064428}}
{"ebtaow2": {"text": "Thank you for the right words! I do know one can be white and latina, but ethnicity is the better term to distinguish it from race. So thanks!", "link_id": "t3_a649zm", "time": 1544834232}}
{"ebspkid": {"text": "I would consider it white instead of white-passing. She's not not-white, and has purely European heritage, so I'd consider that white and not Latina.That said, I know a few white people whose parents or grandparents grew up in Argentina or Chile (where there is a high white population). Even though their heritage is white/European, they do identify strongly with Argentinian or Chilean culture, respectively. As far as I know, none of them identify as Latina in terms of race or heritage though.But I'm just a white American mutt so what do I really know anyway?", "link_id": "t3_a649zm", "time": 1544816374}}
{"ebpzx93": {"text": "Seconding Lisa Eldridge for makeup tutorials! Many of them are very beginner-friendly. I find them the most useful overall, especially for just everyday and more natural-looking makeup. Wayne Goss is another good one. He shows a lot of different techniques for doing things. He also gives advice about where to place product on your face and what that does to your overall look (helped me so much with figuring out blush), so he might be a good one for you. I also learned, from his videos showing a variety of techniques for application, that there really aren't set rules with makeup. It's very much how you want to look, so if you think you look weird doing things the \"usual\" or \"trendy\" way, feel free to deviate from the trend to get the look you want.", "link_id": "t3_a5ut0l", "time": 1544733712}}
{"ebpw2nx": {"text": "What products from The Ordinary exactly have helped with scarring? Their HA serum and squalane (plus Cosrx Snail 96) cleared my acne completely after having it for, like, 15 years. Now that my face has been clear for some time, the scarring is more obvious. It's mostly on my cheeks. Some is pigmentation related, but I'm mostly concerned with the tiny crater-like scars. My skin is normal/dry, somewhat dehydrated, and sensitive.I haven't used acids/chemical exfolients in a while because I overused them at one point, which made my acne WAY worse. Now that my skin is clear and I have a better moisturizing routine (and a sunscreen), I'm probably ready to add in some actives. Anyway, what's working for you?", "link_id": "t3_a5sc3l", "time": 1544730911}}
{"ebiuxv7": {"text": "When I was on accutane, my hands had this problem and aquaphor was the saving grace. That was years ago, and now I prefer cerave healing ointment. I don't have cracked/bleeding hands anymore though, but I'm sure it would do the same magic as aquaphor, if not better. I haven't tried the Eucerin hand cream, but I'm a fan of their moisturizers.", "link_id": "t3_a4oaai", "time": 1544479515}}
{"ebb6kxu": {"text": "I don't know how Montreal keeps their rent so low. I've been living in Baltimore/DC (just outside the cities, not inside) the past few years and you can't find anything less than 1200 that includes utilities unless you're really lucky. My downtown Montreal apartment was 850, only paid electric, had windows on 3 sides not just 1, 12 foot ceilings, one bedroom not just a studio, why can't all cities be like that?", "link_id": "t3_a40ehl", "time": 1544212586}}
{"eb35iyr": {"text": "Right? It was a sign...that we had to use the blush lol.", "link_id": "t3_a2o8bd", "time": 1543951973}}
{"eb0sgof": {"text": "This was actually me and my two sisters, but thankfully it was only one time. A few years ago, we were bridesmaids in my other sister's wedding and she gave us the makeup look she wanted, which included a coral blush. Only one of us had a coral blush and it hadn't been used in a bit and was all covered in kick-up powder. We were stopped at a red light on our way to the venue and I told my sister with the blush to just dump the extra powder out the window. With one tap (I WOULD HAVE BLOWN ON IT but ok), the entire blush falls out of the pan and ONTO THE STREET at a busy intersection. And it was baked, so it didn't stay in a metal pan. Surprisingly though, it didn't break, so in our panic, I told her to just grab it before the light turns green. So she frantically opens the car door, grabs the blush from the street, and puts it back in the compact.All of us wore that blush to the wedding. We didn't tell the bride, who is a makeup artist btw, until after that we dropped the blush on the street and wore it anyway. Also, we threw out the blush after because, omg it touched the actual street!", "link_id": "t3_a2o8bd", "time": 1543867828}}
{"eaa2p4o": {"text": "Exactly how I got through the day", "link_id": "t3_9zgpr8", "time": 1542950189}}
{"e8qovnb": {"text": "I think if you know the eye cream that you want, you notice a difference using it (thus making it useful), you've actually panned the entire category, and you can afford it, then it's perfectly healthy and will probably be good for you to just buy it. Think about how amazing it would be to just have one eye cream in your collection that you love to use without worrying about other eye creams to use up. That $30 will go a long way for taking care of yourself.", "link_id": "t3_9sn2th", "time": 1540924774}}
{"e7tj22m": {"text": "Wow. I respected the sport before, but this just made respect it 1000x more. That is some insane level of trust needed.", "link_id": "t3_9od9qn", "time": 1539626048}}
{"e7p8tpx": {"text": "Where's my nearest Wegman's? I just moved and the grocery stores near me don't have full fat Fage, only full fat Chobani, and I will only eat full fat yogurt. Best grocery store ever, and the best retail job I ever had.EDIT: Omg, we're both awkward birds!", "link_id": "t3_9npgcr", "time": 1539450905}}
{"e7p8b0i": {"text": "Yes. Any person who doesn't respect their partner's terms for having sex is a complete piece of scum. You shouldn't have to hate yourself later, he should hate himself later for pressuring his partner into something she didn't want. It's so twisted.Man, some people are just pieces of shit. ", "link_id": "t3_9nmx9b", "time": 1539450436}}
{"e7nwz3s": {"text": "What if you ask him to \"wear a condom or we don't have sex\", watch him put on the condom, feel for myself that it's on properly before letting him in, and then find out WHEN SEX IS OVER that he somehow slipped it off? Did I miss a step? Should I have super-glued it in on? Did I not pay enough attention during sex? Should I have to say, for the record, that we were in missionary so I could see him the whole time and I still don't know how the fuck he did it?It's a pretty violating feeling when it happens to you and you literally did everything in your power, took every possible precaution, to make sure he was wearing a condom, only to find out after the fact that now you have to go to the pharmacy and pick up some plan B and deal with a month of hormonal hell. Imagine if that led to a pregnancy or an STI.How about not blaming the victim for \"not doing enough\". How about blaming the asshole who took off the condom in secret/said he was wearing one when he wasn't/went in for \"just a little bit\" before putting it on.", "link_id": "t3_9nmx9b", "time": 1539384953}}
{"e7htbcx": {"text": "I spent most of my afternoon crying (meh) and this made me laugh so hard I couldn't breathe for a bit. Thank you for bringing me some joy!This is so on point. I think I've only missed my meds like twice in the last year, but that's exactly my internal monologue. Nothing can be done about it now...", "link_id": "t3_9mrwk9", "time": 1539143525}}
{"e7h3im2": {"text": "I guess my assumption is that if they are communicating about it then that is a step towards working on the issue.It's interesting you brought up agoraphobia because I've been dealing with a nasty bout of it for the past two months. I've had problems with it before, but went years without any problems and suddenly BAM! can't leave without a panic attack. And, honestly, it does absolutely nothing for me to sit and wallow in it just wishing it will go away on its own or just dealing with the consequences forever. I have to challenge myself, within reason, in order to get better. At the same time, pushing myself into situations where I'm extremely uncomfortable can lead to more \"trauma\" (in the form of extreme panic attacks) which can backfire and make me no longer want to experience whatever I was doing then. It's a complicated thing to balance, but the key thing to remember is that it doesn't get better overnight, or even in a matter of weeks or months for some people. Same with drug addictions, and recovering from sexual trauma or memories of it. But I have to do what I can to get better or I can't live a normal life.And, while I'm glad people close to me are understanding, I know they are going out of their way sometimes to help me with such simple things. I can't let them do that forever, but I know not everyone in the world thinks like me. The people who are the most helpful to me right now not only get things for me when I can't leave, but they also encourage me to do things when I can, and they celebrate with me when I do go out during traffic to buy groceries all by myself.So I agree that you can't accept things \"the way they are\" when there is a problem. I would consider that unhealthy. If you love someone, you want to help them get better, but you don't want to be an enabler of something unhealthy either. I guess in the context of a dead bedroom scenario like OP's, it takes time and small steps, and maybe a professional, to overcome a problem like that, and it also takes effort on both parties to not only want to get better but to actually take the steps toward that goal. There may be a lot of 2 steps forward, 1 step back moments, but eventually you get there.", "link_id": "t3_9mp272", "time": 1539118971}}
{"e7gurpw": {"text": "It doesn't sound unhealthy though, at least to me. It actually sounds like his wife has communicated how and why she feels traumatized and that that's why she doesn't want to have sex. Communicating about that is a very healthy thing to do, and lots of things other than babies can lead to lulls in sex life. The difference between a healthy relationship and an unhealthy one is that a healthy relationship has people communicating their needs and issues.I agree that unhealthy relationships commonly lead to dead bedrooms, but other circumstances in healthy relationships can lead to that as well. But if the two work together to communicate and are patient with each other, you can get back on track. An unwillingness to do that on either side makes the relationship unhealthy.", "link_id": "t3_9mp272", "time": 1539111838}}
{"e7eggul": {"text": "Hey, do it! I absolutely hated dancing as a kid and wanted to quit every day until my mom finally \"let me\" when I got to middle school. I ended up restarting at 14, with a whole different body by then, and it was hard work but I got en pointe at 16, got more focused on jazz and lyrical styles, and competed a solo (I actually hated competing, but I gave it a shot). Then at the end of high school I quit \"for good\" because I had a back injury. I ended up being so miserable and wasn't doing well in college, so I had to transfer to my community college. Long story short, I ended up in a modern class for a PE credit when I was 22, with soft muscles and back problems, but I just couldn't stop after that. I ended up changing my major to dance, got out of CC and into a 4 year school, choreographed 4 pieces, and finally graduated college with a dance and bio major (surprise! finished what I started), and with honors. I don't know why, but dance saved my fucking life, and I hated it so much when I was a kid. If my mom didn't make me go every Saturday I don't know who I would be today.I know so many dancers that didn't take a single dance class until they were adults. One of my former classmates was 23 when she took her first official dance class, in college. And that particular teacher was a hardass and we were all ripped by the end of the semester. This chick never let on that it was her first class EVER. I've known women that decided to start ballet because their daughter started taking it, and they continued because they liked it. I also know a few people that started college studies in their 30's with little or no official training. So whether you're interested in ballet, jazz (which you said you liked, I love jazz), modern, hip hop, whatever, find a class for adults and just have fun!Also, if you have a CC near you that teaches dance classes, those can be the cheapest classes with quality teachers. There are also studios that let you take your first class free, so see if you can find one of those.", "link_id": "t3_9m92zb", "time": 1539018437}}
{"e7603u8": {"text": "Oh yeah, as a current weed smoker, cigarette smoker, benzodiazapine user (low dose prescribed to me), and former coffee drinker, not smoking weed is frustrating and makes me anxious and not want to eat, but getting rid of ANY of the other ones is a whole different level. The only reason I managed to quit coffee was because I was physically ill for a couple weeks and felt like shit anyway. I can manage to go a day without smoking weed, but I still need to find some time to smoke a cigarette. Skipping my meds for too many days will leave me unable to breathe unless I'm sitting in a specific position. I recognize that, in the past, I've honestly abused marijuana and, like the OP, would manage some parts of my life around it, but the chemical addictions, even caffeine and nicotine, are something else entirely. Not only is there usually some habit associated with them (drink coffee in the morning, smoke a cig on my break, etc.) but there's also a chemical dependency to get over once you decide to quit, and that really messes with you.", "link_id": "t3_9lbrss", "time": 1538676781}}
{"dxurr38": {"text": "You usually feel a hip impingement in the groin area, like the \"thigh crease\" part of your leg in the front. That's where the actual hip joint is, much more central than most people think. Pain on the outside of the hip, like where you'd put your hands on your hips (or lower), isn't usually related to impingements. I've had some not-very-painful snapping hip there and also bursitis that comes and goes. That one feels warm and sometimes makes the area look visibly swollen. If the pain is more directly in the front, like right under the bone that sticks out in the front, that could be hip flexor tightness, which PT can usually help with.All that said, I'm not a doctor, I just have hips with issues, so you should see an orthopedist if you're having ongoing pain. They'll check for all those things I mentioned and then some.", "link_id": "t3_8ecw1r", "time": 1524523199}}
{"dxuqvro": {"text": "Hey, good luck on your recovery! I had this surgery two years ago on Donald Trump's birthday (bone spurs on his hips, lol), and my hip is doing really well. I honestly can't pinpoint when I tore my labrum at all, I just knew there was something wrong with it for years and then it got worse and worse. I'm a dancer, so I started seeing my dance technique decline, and then could hardly walk without a limp when I finally saw an orthopedist. Thankfully I lucked out and got one that knew what was wrong right away.Anyway, I replied above that I just performed in a show where I had to carry someone heavier than me and walk offstage with them and it was nothing. I can dance a whole lot better now than before the surgery, and it actually didn't take as long for me to get back into dance shape as I thought it would. I was really scared going into the surgery, but I'm glad that I had it.The next few months will be rough, but it will all be worth it when you can walk normally again. Take care!", "link_id": "t3_8ecw1r", "time": 1524522272}}
{"dxuqbnu": {"text": "I had a cam impingement on my left hip that lead to a labral tear. I likely have an impingement on the right hip as well, but it's not bothering me enough to worry. I feel the pinchiness when it's in certain positions, but it doesn't bother me unless it's in an awkward position. With my left hip, I was having trouble walking without a limp when I finally got it checked out.I had surgery almost two years ago on my left hip to repair the cartilage and shave down the bone spur, and it's doing really well. I'm a dancer and I thought it would take me forever to get back into dancing shape, but I was able to take ballet class (lower level than I'm used to, obviously) like 2 1/2 months after. I was \"back in dance shape\" at around 8-9 months, I'd say, but it took a bit longer to really feel like myself. My hip moves differently now, but it's so much more functional now. I just had a dance performance where I lifted someone a good 30 lbs. heavier than me and carried her offstage, like it was nothing, not to mention all the other dancey things dancers do.I'm happy I had the surgery, but I'm not rushing to get my right hip \"fixed\" any time soon. If you're working out and feel a pinchy feeling in the front of your inner thigh/groin/thigh crease area, stop short of that point. You don't want to irritate the cartilage there. So don't squat as deep, open your knees a little in child's pose, try to limit flexing the hip (like raising your knee, as in running) to reduce potential damage. PT can help you use the muscles around your hip correctly to prevent damage from occurring, but it won't be able to fix the problem. A lot of people have hip impingements and don't even know until it starts causing them pain, same with labral tears. But if you get to a point where you're hip is bothering you too much and you want the problem fixed, I had great results with the surgery. Just do your homework and find a good surgeon, because it's still kind of a new procedure and you want them to know what they're doing.", "link_id": "t3_8ecw1r", "time": 1524521700}}
{"dxkr32w": {"text": "I haven't, but that's a good idea to try out. Tea just doesn't have the same flavor as coffee, but I should try out some of that stuff. Thanks!", "link_id": "t3_8cwgp3", "time": 1524069837}}
{"dxjvo33": {"text": "3 cups. I've always been scared of that too, lol, but honestly at the end of the day I don't want to feel sick, so under those circumstances it was surprisingly easy, not the nightmare I thought it would be.", "link_id": "t3_8cwgp3", "time": 1524025462}}
{"dxjvh83": {"text": "I was drinking 3 cups a day, spread throughout. I usually don't have any other caffeine, no soda or anything. I do drink a cup of tea now, slowly, but even that's not perfectly ideal right now. I'm very tempted to try out a cup of caffeinated coffee to see if I tolerate it better, but I'm too scared still, lol. ", "link_id": "t3_8cwgp3", "time": 1524025221}}
{"dxjv7c8": {"text": "I do! Unfortunately caffeine is part of the problem, but tea has less caffeine than coffee, plus there's green tea, and herbal teas with no caffeine! Quitting coffee totally restarted my tea obsession, but I have to be careful with black teas still.", "link_id": "t3_8cwgp3", "time": 1524024881}}
{"dxj3vpe": {"text": "Yeah that's gotta be a tough one to cut out. And gaining weight and having energy without sugar is quite a feat, so I don't blame you. Finding the balance is important.", "link_id": "t3_8cwgp3", "time": 1523997550}}
{"dxj2s5v": {"text": "Not sure yet. Caffeine definitely has something to do with it, but there's other foods I have problems with that don't have caffeine (like dairy or tomatoes), so it's not limited to that. I currently drink one cup of tea in the morning instead and have had decaf coffee recently and neither of those make me feel as bad as regular coffee, but still cause mild symptoms.I think kicking the coffee addiction was great for my sleep schedule as well. It was rough at first, but now I go to bed and wake up at a reasonable hour, so that's been great for my overall health in general.", "link_id": "t3_8cwgp3", "time": 1523996605}}
{"dxj1p41": {"text": "I put sugar and milk or non-dairy creamer (which has more sugar), so that's why. Also, I drank 3 cups a day. Otherwise, yeah, coffee itself isn't horrible for your teeth besides, like, the acid.", "link_id": "t3_8cwgp3", "time": 1523995670}}
{"dxima3v": {"text": "Similar thing with me, but with coffee instead (and other foods, still figuring that out). I was a coffee addict up until January of this year when my stomach got too bad for me to deal with. Overnight, no more coffee, just like that. Before that, the dentist told me to cut down coffee, multiple doctors told me to cut down for various reasons, HELL NO was I gonna cut back for skin reasons, lol. But if it's physically hurting me? Nope, I'm done.It really really sucks though.", "link_id": "t3_8cwgp3", "time": 1523982387}}
{"dsjkt73": {"text": "To be fair, doing necessary tasks can fall under the umbrella of \"self-care\" in a lot of ways. The feeling of accomplishment after sending a necessary email or finally folding your laundry is beneficial and removes the anxiety and dread of having something you \"need to do\". I've been depressed and stuff for years and it affects me every day for sure, but if I have the energy to do something it's better for my mental health if I do it.Lately I've been viewing chores as self-care, and it's been helping motivate me to do chores when I have the energy. Folding laundry isn't super hard, and later I can grab my clothes from the drawer instead of digging in the laundry basket. If I unload my dishwasher, I can load the dirty dishes and then have the counter space to cook dinner, which also means I'll be less stressed about preparing dinner. And later, I feel way less guilty lying on my ass if I did something productive, even if it was small.", "link_id": "t3_7pny5m", "time": 1515711085}}
{"drbe7ui": {"text": "I used to use my foundation on my eyes as a primer, so it made sense to do my foundation first. Now that I use eyeshadow primer though, I find it way easier to do my eyes first. I don't have to worry about messing up my face that way (fallout, forehead creases, mascara mistakes, etc.).", "link_id": "t3_7k2wtq", "time": 1513386543}}
{"dqpogdk": {"text": "Louder than other joints for sure. I think my ankles actually pop louder than my hips, but that's the only joint I can think of that's louder. It's kinda like cracking your back but a little louder. I don't intentionally crack them anymore, they kind of just crack when they want to now. But when I used to pop them almost compulsively, I'd bring my knee up above my hip then out to the side. If I was sitting, I'd just swing my knee to the side and rotate my leg until it popped. There's a few other ways, but most involve some combo of external rotation and getting the knee above the hip joint.", "link_id": "t3_7h3jcf", "time": 1512329208}}
{"dqob2lz": {"text": "&gt; inner hip thingsDo you mean the hip joint itself (where the ball and socket are)? It's farther in towards the groin and lower than most people think. Maybe like an inch or two away from the inner thigh/crotch area in the thigh crease. If that's the area, it can crack like knuckles, or the labrum (cartilage) can be torn slightly if it's grinding/catching. If it's more like your actual groin area, that could be a tendon that's tight and likes to snap. The lower back thing could be your SI joint (at like the top of your pelvis on the sides of your spine). Mine crack every now and again. So does my tailbone sometimes lol.I am no expert by any means, but I have noisy hips and had surgery for a torn labrum. Maybe that can help narrow down where the popping is coming from though, so you can describe it to whatever professional you want (PT, doc, chiro, etc.). Words like pop, crack, grind, snap, catch, etc. can also help them in figuring out how to help, because different things cause different sensations.", "link_id": "t3_7h3jcf", "time": 1512253494}}
{"dqoaj0f": {"text": "Really? Mine crack all the time. It's the joint itself (the ball and socket part), as someone else said, like cracking your knuckles. I also have snapping hip syndrome, which is more like tight tendons rolling over something (not at all painful for me, feels relieving).I did also have a labral tear on my left hip, and that was a grinding/catching noise that kinda hurt. I had surgery to fix it, and now it just makes the knuckle cracking and occasional snapping as usual, no grinding.Any joint in your body can crack/make noise. I'm super familiar with hip noises as you can tell.", "link_id": "t3_7h3jcf", "time": 1512252817}}
{"dqo5v8s": {"text": "Modern and contemporary dancers don't have much better feet, what with the not wearing shoes and stuff.Source: Am a contemporary/modern dancer with worse feet than when I did pointe. I can also vouch for the ripped calves.", "link_id": "t3_7h2ejh", "time": 1512247111}}
{"dq9gkfj": {"text": "No problem, glad to help! :)", "link_id": "t3_7dwzok", "time": 1511493921}}
{"dq9fmcf": {"text": "Hey, I know you posted a couple days ago, but I had the same question as you and found this:https://www.reddit.com/ definitely gave me plenty of new ideas that I can't wait to try.", "link_id": "t3_7dwzok", "time": 1511492485}}
{"dq8rs1v": {"text": "The longer I spend away from home the more I hate it when I come back. I have too many horrible memories in my bedroom, but it's the only room where it feels like I belong. But I can hear everything that goes on in the kitchen above me. All the stomping, all the yelling, all the conflict that I don't want to witness but I still have to listen to. Things have gotten better since all us kids are older and have moved out to varying degrees, but there's still so much shit that stresses me out beyond reason when I come home.I just had an incident where something was bothering me significantly, and after being ignored by 5 family members I was told I shouldn't be feeling like that because it's Thanksgiving. I'm sorry, I can feel however I want to, and you can react however you want to, but at least fucking acknowledge what I was saying for 2 hours and don't invalidate it.The more I develop healthy relationships outside my family and make progress towards a more mentally healthy self, the more I seem to overestimate the people in my family. It's a rude wake-up call to realize that, even if things are \"better\", there is no concept of what a healthy relationship is with my family. They're just people I have to deal with by default. ", "link_id": "t3_7es8jk", "time": 1511459952}}
{"dptfdox": {"text": "Nausea/stomach pain was the first symptom of anxiety that I had before it turned into a serious problem. And it started after some life stressors as well. Eventually I developed a full on anxiety disorder (among a few other things), and still deal with regular nausea/stomach pain and sometimes vomiting. There's a very strong link between anxiety and all things gut-related. Whoever is looking over you for that should be aware that you're experiencing more anxiety than usual lately. As for what helps, the best thing I've found is weed. That or don't eat (which I don't recommend long-term, it's not a good idea). I'm still searching for answers myself.", "link_id": "t3_7cushe", "time": 1510685140}}
{"dp7x5s4": {"text": "Yep. My French improved very quickly over 10 days in France (Paris excluded...lots of people like to practice their English there), but didn't improve much after 2 years in Montreal. At least I can speak French though, just not fluently at all.", "link_id": "t3_7a44ak", "time": 1509587014}}
{"dp7vghv": {"text": "I thought I was alone in this. It's kinda nice knowing I'm not the only one.", "link_id": "t3_7a57rw", "time": 1509585227}}
{"dp7vdvf": {"text": "Wow, it actually worked!", "link_id": "t3_7a57rw", "time": 1509585152}}
{"dp734i6": {"text": "I have medicaid and I pay $1 for each refill, so like $2 a month. Without insurance, I think the klonopin is $20-40, and the lamitrogine is $120 something.", "link_id": "t3_7a32yy", "time": 1509555345}}
{"dp2ecuy": {"text": "Thank you, I'll try it that way next time!", "link_id": "t3_79fqpe", "time": 1509313873}}
{"dp2452j": {"text": "For real, I use a whisk and need another person to switch whipping so we each can get a break. It's hard to whip cream by hand.", "link_id": "t3_79fqpe", "time": 1509302555}}
{"dp0s5tz": {"text": "I'm a modern/contemporary dancer. Right now I'm finishing my degree in it. A lot of people don't really know much about modern or contemporary dance, besides So You Think You Can Dance, so it can be hard to explain the kind of dancing I do to other people, plus the art form is evolving so fast. I love dancing and choreographing. It fuses my love for art and creativity with my extreme body-nerdiness. Outside of NYC or LA though, it's not a very common thing to do.", "link_id": "t3_79abqy", "time": 1509221350}}
{"doyyqn7": {"text": "Oh I understand it's for GPA, I don't think you should repeat a class just for GPA. If you have more to learn, go for it, that's the only reason I've repeated classes I already passed.", "link_id": "t3_78vx3u", "time": 1509120437}}
{"doyfh4u": {"text": "I don't know what country you're in, but my school is in the US and most schools here do replace the original grade, but I started college in Canada. I don't know if it's more common to keep the grade there or if it was just my school. Anyway, I was just pointing out to the OP that people do repeat classes they got a C in so her brother's situation wasn't completely ridiculous.", "link_id": "t3_78vx3u", "time": 1509087832}}
{"doxwpvg": {"text": "Actually, a lot of students at my school seem to have no problem retaking a class that they already passed in order to get an A instead of a C. Some will even retake a class they got a B in. These are mostly pre-meds and other pre-stuff where gpa is worth too much. I will never ever EVER understand this mindset. Mostly because, if you got a C the first time, that grade counts no matter what. It doesn't matter if your school replaces the grade with an A in your GPA. You don't have a true 4.0 if you have 5 C's on your transcript, sorry. I might be super biased though because my first college didn't replace the grade when calculating your GPA so bad grades were non-replaceable.Anyway, some people really are crazy enough to do that.", "link_id": "t3_78vx3u", "time": 1509060986}}
{"dox9qaz": {"text": "Withdrawing from that stuff is the worst thing I've ever experienced in my life, and it took me over a year to fully withdraw from SSRI's. Unfortunately, klonopin is the most effective medication for my anxiety that I've tried (panic disorder, generalized anxiety, bp2), after trying a bunch of medication that made me feel worse. It's been difficult having to take a benzo every day knowing how dangerous long term use is, and I've felt the withdrawal and it really feels like hell (I could only breathe sitting up), but I've made the effort to bring my dose as low as possible. Every step down has been horrible, and I hope I can find a safer replacement. My state just got medical marijuana underway, which I feel way better about using every day.So, it helps me a lot for my specific circumstance, but I wouldn't wish this medication on anyone. It pisses me off when people treat benzos so casually.", "link_id": "t3_78tbch", "time": 1509036697}}
{"doku6mu": {"text": "&gt; Shut Up and Dance by Walk the MoonOMG same!", "link_id": "t3_776sqd", "time": 1508397264}}
{"do37oba": {"text": "I use this one combined with a 7-day pill box so I can actually see if I took them or not. I tend to ignore the app reminders, but that's why I like this one. It reminds me multiple times, so I'm better at taking them on time if my phone goes off again. I've been more consistent about using this app than others I've tried. Highly recommend it!", "link_id": "t3_752b0d", "time": 1507492079}}
{"dnq6unm": {"text": "All those hours that are spent masturbating are time spent away from you/not involving you. I can't imagine how he has time for work/school/hobbies, his girlfriend, and all that time masturbating. That doesn't sound healthy, and it's not going to be good for your relationship in the long run. It's not about what he's doing or how he's getting off, it's the fact that he's spending so much time doing it. Of course, something new is quite fun. I don't have a prostate, but I'm sure if I discovered how to get orgasms that way I would do it a bunch. But at some point, the novelty of a new pleasure has to wear down a bit, and he has a relationship and life obligations that are more important than multiple long masturbation sessions a day.I guess I'm saying that the problem you need to address is his chronic masturbation habit. You said it yourself, that his actions are making you feel like you won't be enough for him if it keeps going. Those fears would be warranted if he was spending *hours* watching straight porn and jacking off. The fact that it's butt play probably adds another layer of insecurity making you feel these things, but the main issue that is challenging your relationship right now is the amount of time he's spending in there getting himself off and focusing on a kind of pleasure that he gets without you.You need to call him out on that, if you haven't already, before dealing with anything else. If I was in your shoes, I would feel more comfortable with him getting off that way if it was an every-now-and-then thing (even every day if it was just once or shorter or something). I just think it's going to be hard for you to feel comfortable with it unless that issue is out of the way. If prostate play was just an element of his interests, that would be easier for you to come to terms with and maybe feel comfortable exploring with him. But right now, his behavior is suggesting to you that he loves butt stuff so fucking much that it's taking over his sexual preferences, because he's just doing it so much. You need to give him a wake up call that he is spending way too much time giving himself prostate orgasms, which is making you feel insecure about your relationship and will probably interfere with his life if it keeps going. Until that side of things is dealt with, I wouldn't worry about the fact that it's prostate play and all the stuff that entails. In fact, dealing with things from that angle might make him feel insecure and pull away from you even more. You need to deal with the chronic masturbation and what that's doing to you first.", "link_id": "t3_73esot", "time": 1506799989}}
{"dnmxio1": {"text": "When I first saw him walking down the hall I didn't think anything of him, but when he started talking to me my first thought was actually \"I think I might marry him one day\". I thought it was weird I had that thought but whatever. I could totally tell he liked me but he had a girlfriend. We became friends instantly and I started dating somebody else in that class for a bit. A couple years later, he broke up with his girlfriend (at that time they were together for 4 years, and it wasn't going well) and he and I were immediately a couple. It's only been 2 1/2 years, but I'm pretty sure I'm gonna marry him one day (he already has a ring....). :)", "link_id": "t3_730dhu", "time": 1506622098}}
{"dnju1hw": {"text": "Do your professors allow you to record the lectures? Some of my bigger classes record the lectures already, but if yours don't maybe you can ask the professor if they would be okay with you recording it on your phone or something. If you can listen to the lecture recordings on another day when you can pay attention, or just to go at your own pace, that might help you get through the inattentive phase without you falling behind.It might not be a bad idea to file for accommodations just so it's documented with the school It can make things like asking professors to record their lectures easier and maybe help you in other ways too.", "link_id": "t3_72m0wg", "time": 1506460245}}
{"dnjt3wc": {"text": "I smoke daily, throughout the day, to help with my anxiety and focus, and have some kind of an appetite (most important reason really). Adding lamictal was fine for me. Best decision I made at the time and I've had some horrible luck with meds. I take 100mg lamictal, also 0.125mg klonopin every night and, alongside smoking daily, I feel the most stable I've ever been. Good luck with the lamictal!", "link_id": "t3_72mryc", "time": 1506459258}}
{"dndbd1h": {"text": "I think I have more vivid memories from when I was 3, 4, and 5 especially than at 6 specifically. Maybe at 6, the memories started to not be as distinct or related to age, so unless I remember being in school I couldn't say how old I was in my memory like I could when I was 3.Some of my earliest memories are me playing with my grandpa at his house, him making me snacks, sitting on his lap, etc. and I clearly remember one particular day at the hospital. He died less than a week after I turned 4, so I was around that age when I visited him with my mom. I remember the male nurse who was shaving him because I didn't know nurses could be men until then. I remember him lying in bed unattentive, and then perking up and smiling when I came in (he was brain damaged at that point, he couldn't say hi or anything but he moved around and smiled and made noises like he was happy). All of that was verified by my mom and she was so surprised I remembered that day. Thing is, it was a significant day for her too. My grandpa had these little puzzle toys to test his brain function and coordination, and he couldn't solve any of them. When 4-year-old me walked in the room, I saw toys and immediately started playing with them. It took me just a couple minutes to solve one (we kept that toy...I never really knew why but I think I get it now). My mom said that was the day she realized her 4-year-old daughter was smarter than her dad, and she was never gonna have him back. I also remember seeing him in the casket.I'm really happy that I have these memories of my grandfather, because he passed when I was so young, but I'll always be able to remember the relationship that we had. For me, vivid memories started around 3 not 6, and I'm pretty happy about that now.", "link_id": "t3_71q0q2", "time": 1506109625}}
{"dn8qjya": {"text": "I would much rather see a movie with someone I knew a bit first. Girls get shy too, and I would feel so awkward sitting next to a date that I haven't gotten to know a bit for like 2 hours. I wouldn't be able to focus on the movie at all.", "link_id": "t3_715yei", "time": 1505871260}}
{"dmz2iim": {"text": "Yep, exercising more made me like drinking less. I'm tired for like a week after a night of some drinking (2-3 drinks for me). I'd rather have the energy thanks.But a night of fun every now and again is okay, I just keep that consequence in mind whenever I decide to drink.", "link_id": "t3_6zunm0", "time": 1505348874}}
{"dmxg68m": {"text": "My boyfriend and I do this! I'm always way more relaxed in my head and in the mood after sex, so it's easier for me to come after actually. Also sometimes my muscles get too tight after I come that it can be uncomfortable for him or me. It just works better for us that way. Sometimes we do change it up and I come first, but usually he comes and then makes me come as many times as I want.", "link_id": "t3_6zpy8z", "time": 1505264735}}
{"dmvtfit": {"text": "Please do! I've been on plenty of meds for depression/anxiety, and currently take one so that I'll fall asleep (among others). Feeling sleepy throughout the day might require a change in dose or meds. Some meds have given me a pretty nasty \"hangover\" the next day, others made me generally lethargic constantly, but the one that I currently take for sleep doesn't make me feel sleepy during the day, which is why it works for me.", "link_id": "t3_6zgk3d", "time": 1505180950}}
{"dmvt0v3": {"text": "Too much vitamin D is not good, it can lead to kidney stones among other things. You can have plenty of B12 and be fine. I used to be deficient in both and now my levels are normal, so my doc and I have had plenty of talks about those two.Now that my levels are normal, I just take a daily multivitamin with vitamin D and calcium. Taking it helps me a lot with my energy level throughout the day. Even though I was deficient in D and B12, I wouldn't say I was any more tired then compared to now with normal levels. It might be a different vitamin that perks me up. So maybe a multivitamin is a better idea to cover all your bases, but it definitely keeps me more perked up than usual.", "link_id": "t3_6zgk3d", "time": 1505180445}}
{"dmtri43": {"text": "I started smoking after being medicated for anxiety/depression for like a year and suspected of bipolar 2. That was like 6 years ago, and I've since gone off of those meds (cause they were just wrong--they induced mania before I knew what mania was), tried many meds that didn't work, then quit meds altogether to just smoke weed. Marijuana helped me a lot, especially with lifestyle changes like being more interested in my day-to-day life, eating enough and sleeping well, and socializing much better with smokers initially and later with non-smokers just as well. My attendance in school became perfect and I was more interested and involved in my classes, like I was in high school. I was doing so much better than I ever had on any medication I'd tried.Unfortunately, I think my bipolar was just in remission enough at that time that I was okay without medication. After starting a new, serious relationship, transferring to a 4-year school from a CC, and moving to a new city all in like a month I had quite the relapse. A hip surgery later, and I went into rapid cycling. Over that time, I went back to trying meds and eventually settled on klonopin and lamictal, but at much lower doses than I needed in the past. Currently, I'm doing really really well with smoking alongside taking meds. It's a good balance for me.The point that I want to make is that, while marijuana works great as a medicine for me, it won't work by itself. It's not at all uncommon for us to take a combo of meds that work together to help us feel close to normal. I think there's an idea that if marijuana works as an effective medicine (for whatever your problem is), then you can cut out your other meds and be fine. Marijuana is it's own separate medication and, while it might be able to replace some of your meds or allow you to take less, you still might need to combine it with pharmaceutical meds. There's also always the possibility of drug interactions, not to mention the differences in strain and legal roadblocks in many places. For me, it's been the biggest game-changer for my quality of life, which improved my condition tremendously. But I still need daily medication to function at my absolute best, because I don't like crying and writhing on my kitchen floor in the middle of baking 6 loaves of bread for the third day in a row.", "link_id": "t3_6z7k1p", "time": 1505074472}}
{"dmr4p62": {"text": "I bought some when they went on sale for 10 for $30. I love them so much more than VS, especially the feeling of the cotton. And, as someone else said, they don't wedge on me (VS did). I have noticed some fraying on some of my lacey pairs from Aerie though fyi. Just loose threads I can trim no problem, but maybe not as durable as what you're looking for.", "link_id": "t3_6ysgia", "time": 1504914435}}
{"dmg28hu": {"text": "As helpful as apps are (Medisafe is good, I use Round now and I like it), I usually forget to use the app. I'll clear the reminder because \"I'll take them in a minute\" and then forget to for another hour or five, if I remember at all, or I won't bother to mark that I took them. My solution? Get one of those 7-day pill containers they sell at the pharmacy. If there's meds in there for today, then I clearly haven't taken them yet. If the meds are gone, I took them. It also helped me taper my klonopin down because it kept me on schedule, same when I went back on lamictal and needed to taper up. I recommend getting separate ones for morning/afternoon/night if needed though because I once took two doses of day meds before bed after refilling it for the week. Seriously, it's a game changer.", "link_id": "t3_6x2buv", "time": 1504306143}}
{"dm7af9d": {"text": "Not my favorite facewash because of the fragrance, but it really is the only cleanser I've used that could get off a full face of makeup (mascara included, but fragrance in eyes!) from just washing my face. Rinses clean too. If you tolerate fragrance, this is a must-buy. It smells like green apples!", "link_id": "t3_6u72v6", "time": 1503860350}}
{"dm7a5d9": {"text": "I also have fine straight hair. I've been using the Fruit Fusion Coconut Water [shampoo](http://www.ulta.com/fruit-fusion-coconut-water-weightless-shampoo?productId=xlsImpprod12812805) and conditioner. The shampoo immediately became my HG and I've been using it for more than a year while growing out my blonde. I only started using the conditioner recently, and it's my favorite of theirs that I've tried, but it still might be too heavy for me (my hair is mid-back though). That's the line I would try, especially the shampoo!", "link_id": "t3_6u72v6", "time": 1503859991}}
{"djmcbo3": {"text": "Wow, I felt so bad for your wonderful girlfriend the whole time I was reading this. Solid story all around. Glad you only enjoyed some pizza.", "link_id": "t3_6kfzpq", "time": 1498855706}}
{"dj7l3pw": {"text": "When I was going to dye my platinum hair back to my natural hair, I read that that could happen, so I bought a semi-permanent red hair dye to do first, then a light brown/dirty blonde color for on top. I never actually got to try it though, as too many people were complimenting my ombre. I actually just let it grow out, and it's been two years and I have enough natural hair color (that's SUPER HEALTHY) to cut off the rest of the blonde, but I still have some on the end. Anyway, long-story short, I had a hack for that but I never tested it. I was a red-head before being blonde and miss it like crazy though.", "link_id": "t3_6ijofd", "time": 1498067877}}
{"dgzraui": {"text": "You should not be anywhere near your cousin. For your own mental health, even if you didn't feel in danger, it is not healthy for you to be around him. But especially because he doesn't sound safe to be around, you shouldn't be where he is. If you're not ready to tell your dad or a family member, then you at least need to come clean about having a very serious reason to not feel safe there. I understand it's very difficult when a family member is the one that hurt you, but your life isn't the one that would get ruined by this secret. It's your cousin's. And he doesn't deserve to be treated like family.Be there for your dad, but please be good to yourself. Do not go where your cousin is.", "link_id": "t3_68l83g", "time": 1493660168}}
{"dgm4u9b": {"text": "Lol, for me it was months 2-6 that were horrible. Since I had hormonal acne before, I assumed it would get worse with Mirena, and for sure it did. Mine was more of a patchy beard than goatee pattern. But I'm glad it at least calmed down after 6 months. I have noticed the pre-period breakouts are slightly worse though, but that just gives me an excuse to keep coming here.", "link_id": "t3_66wb12", "time": 1492892180}}
{"dgfs2nc": {"text": "My grandma had super thin skin too, could have been because of medications as she had a lot. Anyway, in her late 70's she fell down one day on her carpeted floor and instead of getting a rug burn like us, the carpet ripped her leg open. She needed stitches all the way down her knee. The worst part was that she fell a few feet too far from the call button in her room and was too independent to be getting checked on regularly at the nursing home, so she was lying on the floor bleeding for at least a day before my aunt stopped by randomly to visit. It was really shocking to see her with her leg all wrapped up like she had surgery and all she did was fall on a carpet.", "link_id": "t3_6631fs", "time": 1492549075}}
{"dec7d5q": {"text": "I started one degree at one school, ended up hating it alongside the depression/anxiety I mentioned, then switched majors to something totally different but that I've always wanted to do. After transferring to my current school, it turns out I'm really close to finishing the first degree, and life circumstances led me to much greater motivation to finish it alongside the degree I care about more. The first major was biology, the one I switched to was dance (no money...yikes), then over the summer I had hip surgery and decided physical therapy or something similar is what I would love to do, so I have this new drive to finish the bio degree with the PT requirements. Plus, I will have more credits than necessary, so instead of a double major it will be 2 degrees/2 diplomas. Basically it all works out in the end!*Edit* Also, I can dance, and it's only been 8 1/2 months since the surgery! Not gonna lie, having switched to that major and then being faced with a hip surgery was super scary and I was worried I wasted a bunch of time and money to not be able to finish the dance major. But I'm still on track to graduate as scheduled, which is more than I could have hoped for.", "link_id": "t3_5wnmnt", "time": 1488316949}}
{"debt2s4": {"text": "Don't give up! It's hard work, but when you're ready, taking on the challenge and finally accomplishing the stuff you thought you never would is really rewarding. ", "link_id": "t3_5wnmnt", "time": 1488302092}}
{"debskyw": {"text": "This is an important point. I have moderate to severe anxiety and depression, and the one year I worked while in school turned me into a zombie and eventually made the anxiety intolerable, after messing with my grades. If I was on my own and had to work while in school, there is NO WAY I would be able to take class full time or get mostly A's. It would take way longer to graduate, meaning I'd have more years of not working that higher paying job after college. I'm so glad my parents are now able to be supportive and financially help me finish school, because I would probably have given up otherwise. Higher education really needs to be cheaper so it can be more accessible to everyone who wants it.", "link_id": "t3_5wnmnt", "time": 1488301648}}
{"debrvw3": {"text": "Same, lost about 3 years of attendance. I'm about a year away from finally finishing with two bachelors degrees, even if it was the 10 year path.", "link_id": "t3_5wnmnt", "time": 1488300989}}
{"de33kz7": {"text": "I have the same problem, and I smoke for this exact reason. Unfortunately, I don't live in a medical state (well, actually I do but there's no system yet, it's stupid) and it really depends on the strain for me. Most do very little if they have an effect on my hunger, but there are some strains that spike it like crazy and make me really enjoy my food. If I could just choose the strain, I might be able to fix the problem and gain some weight. The only pills that worked for me made me too sleepy to function. So yeah, weed works great, but the strain is pretty important.", "link_id": "t3_5vitts", "time": 1487802634}}
{"ddjch75": {"text": "Wow, congrats! You must have a wonderful feeling of closure now. I know how you feel. A year after I was sexually assaulted, I had the opportunity to confront the guy. I imagined confronting him one day in my head, but actually doing it? I really didn't think I would, given the chance. But the fact that I had that conversation with him made me realize how capable I am of speaking up. For me, the assault made me feel like there was something wrong with my ability to speak up, and that the whole thing was basically my fault (I actually denied it was assault for a while because of that). He actually confirmed that I did in fact say no a bunch of times, but somehow seemed to think apologizing over the phone was enough to repair the friendship (oh yeah, he was one of my best friends for like 2 years). That cleared things up for me straight away and I was certain of myself again. It was a really powerful moment, and I didn't expect that. It's such a rush being able to tell them off, but it also reminds you of how capable you are of speaking up. You could have just given him a fake number or stopped talking to him, but you took the opportunity to confront what he did. That takes courage.", "link_id": "t3_5sy3fg", "time": 1486660422}}
{"dcd8jo7": {"text": "As the anxious girlfriend in my relationship, this made me so happy to read. Especially since my boyfriend does so many of these things, and I didn't even realize how much they do help. He's really great.", "link_id": "t3_5nmmcq", "time": 1484290137}}
{"dboqcmc": {"text": "I'm studying modern/contemporary dance in college, and these movements remind me of dances I've been in and watched, which I was not expecting when I watched this show. The movements in this show were very, intentional? if that makes sense. I mean, they have to do them with the right feeling or it won't work. When you allow your body to move with your own emotional intention, it feels very powerful. It's not something people are used to doing everyday--moving with intention, much less emotional intention.There's so many different ways to move in a spiritual, meditative, emotional, or intentional way. Even working out at the gym can be meditative. Movement can definitely evoke or magnify emotion.I also want to go back and watch the movements to try and do them. I think they're cool and would feel really interesting to do, like I would feel something emotional doing them. You could also just make something up that \"feels right\", as if you were given your own movement. That would be really fun.", "link_id": "t3_5kia8o", "time": 1482864965}}
{"dbngpqx": {"text": "For real. As another 26 year old female, people can be so weirded out that I don't have a facebook. I deleted it 5 years ago and I love how freeing it is and really just don't want to go back to that world. It doesn't interest me at all. But people always try to tell me all the good reasons to get back on and still...just not appealing to me anymore. ", "link_id": "t3_5kdfsf", "time": 1482779125}}
