{"ftomtpn": {"text": "I will always remember the day we finally convinced my dad that jackalopes weren't a real animal. He was about 40 at the time. It was sad but hilarious at the same time. His grandfather had convinced him they were real when he was a kid, and it took thirty years for him to realize his grandfather had made it all up. (If you don't know, a jackalope is a rabbit with deer antlers. Taxidermists make them as novelty items.)", "link_id": "t3_h0x3ec", "time": 1591873376}}
{"fst2k08": {"text": "Common where? If this was happening where I am from, the police would be involved and the guys would be headed to jail.", "link_id": "t3_gw68es", "time": 1591230093}}
{"fst2bll": {"text": "That is absolutely not normal.", "link_id": "t3_gw68es", "time": 1591229965}}
{"fsszbcz": {"text": "There's a fan theory that Ferris isn't even real, Cameron just made him up. Give the movie a watch from that perspective. Lol", "link_id": "t3_gw4x70", "time": 1591228363}}
{"fsn3fzt": {"text": "\"Radio\" comes off their most recent album, which came out last year. I would say give the whole album a listen.", "link_id": "t3_gv8k81", "time": 1591110150}}
{"fsleapz": {"text": "My friends all insist I'm crazy, but I always love the silly ones. The guys who don't take themselves seriously. Saying something silly or corny and featuring a photo that shows you being silly and spontaneous and fun is a huge thing for me. Again, not everyone agrees with me though.", "link_id": "t3_guyfl8", "time": 1591065184}}
{"fslavnx": {"text": "Cost is a big one. Without insurance, most people can't even imagine getting help. Even with insurance, there can be a lot of money involved. To add to that, there is a lot of stigma about mental health, especially for men. Men are often taught to see the things that accompany mental illness as weakness, and are taught to shove those feelings down and man up. I think those were the biggest barriers for me.", "link_id": "t3_guxzb7", "time": 1591063210}}
{"fsl9tu0": {"text": "I am 99% certain I am immune, but that tiny doubt keeps me from touching it when I see it. My sisters and I used to run through these wooded fields near our house, and when we got home, they would be covered in a poison ivy rash and I never once had the rash. Never. I mean, that must mean I'm immune, right? How certain are YOU that you're not allergic? Like, if there was some in your yard would you just go pick it and toss it out without gloves or protection? Or would you still use caution?", "link_id": "t3_guy03h", "time": 1591062618}}
{"fsl9a3x": {"text": "It depends on the specific situation. Some people with mental disabilities are able to apply for a job and interview and keep the job with no help at all. Some require some assistance with one or more of these steps at first, but reach a point where they don't need any help at all. Some will always require some level of assistance. And some are not really able to perform any of those tasks and rely on government programs to meet their needs. I have worked for an agency that provides services to the developmentally disabled for nearly 15 years, and can't come up with one example of two people who had the same needs, especially when it came to employment and vocational work. Sadly, someone else posted that people with developmental disabilities don't get paid minimum wage, and in a lot of situations, that's true. Laws exist in much of the US that allow employers to pay disabled people below minimum wage. How it works is that they will have a non-disabled person perform a task and come up with a standard of how much work a worker without disabilities would complete in a given amount of time, then compare that to the amount of work completed by a person with disabilities. So for example, if I take one hour to complete a task, but the disabled person needs two hours to do the same task, in many places, they would be paid half my rate (because they took twice as long) - even if my rate was minimum wage. When you consider people who might have even greater difficulties, it quickly becomes apparent that some people with disabilities aren't going to feel like contributing is worth it.I can use two examples from the field to demonstrate this. First, I used to work with a woman who had what most people would consider \"mild\" disabilities. She needed support to do some things, but was pretty capable on her own most of the time. She was able to complete a training offered by my agency and with the help of a job coach, got a job cleaning a church twice a week. She makes above minimum wage, and the only support she needs now is that someone from the job coaching center checks in with her once a month. Her job changed her life. She went from a bashful person always too embarrassed to say what was on her mind to a confident woman who believed her opinion had value. She went from living in a group home with 24 hour staff supervision to eventually living in her own apartment with a staff checking in on her a couple times a week. All of this change in her life happened because having a job made her see herself differently, partly because people treated her differently. When she was at work, her disability in some ways disappeared. It changed her life. On the other hand, I work with another person who had the opposite experience in many ways. He has some significant barriers to working independently, but we found a place that he could work and hoped he would also benefit from the experience. In his situation though, his pay was not minimum wage. It was determined by his work output as I had explained above. He was tasked with assembling various items at this job. To many people, the various items he was handling were similar enough that they would think if he had been trained how to do one of them, he could do them all without further training. That is not what happened. Every time they switched what he was doing, it confused him and his pace slowed down for a while. This just frustrated him because he saw that other workers did not have the same struggle. He started hating everything about work. It got to the point that between his struggles related to his inability to switch tasks easily, and his increasing frustration and apathy, he was working 25 hours a week for a $15 paycheck. Eventually, we all sat down and came up with a new plan and he got out of that situation. He's doing much better now, doing a completely different thing, and enjoys work again. I shared these stories to show that work can be a source of pride for people with disabilities when done well, but can be a source of pain and frustration if done poorly. People with disabilities often want to work because it changes the dynamic of their lives. People treat them differently. People take their opinions and thoughts more seriously. It can totally be the thing that turns their life in a new direction. But there are a lot of barriers our society has put up that limit the number of disabled people who can navigate all this.", "link_id": "t3_gux1w2", "time": 1591062316}}
{"fsl2dbf": {"text": "The US Army and National Guard were called in several times in the 1960s during the civil rights movements.", "link_id": "t3_guwugc", "time": 1591058447}}
{"fsl1qjj": {"text": "Yeah, that's a typo", "link_id": "t3_guvtn4", "time": 1591058099}}
{"fsl1bd6": {"text": "Where did it say to suck on the tablet? I have taken it for years and never seen that. I'm assuming it was a mistake of some kind.", "link_id": "t3_guvtn4", "time": 1591057866}}
{"fsl0klv": {"text": "There are a number of reasons it might be difficult to wake one person up but easy to wake up someone else. It might have to do with their sleep cycles, or their circadian rhythms. It might have to do with how their hormones related to sleep work in their body. Every person has slightly different rhythms and sleep patterns and needs, so it could be just those natural biological differences. I mean, there are problems that can create sleep disorders, both physical and mental disorders can disturb sleep. But unless there is some reason to think that is the case, I wouldn't worry about it. My eldest daughter pops straight out of a dead sleep when you call her name, but my second daughter could sleep through an air raid. My eldest wakes up naturally fairly early in the day, my second daughter sleeps in late every time she can. They're both healthy of body and mind and I don't really worry about it.On the other hand, my sister was always super easy to wake up when we were kids and then suddenly a few years ago became very difficult to wake up and felt tired and lethargic all the time. That was something to be concerned about, because it was unusual compared to her own past. In a situation like that, it is probably a problem. My sister had some tests done and a sleep study done and it turned out to be caused by a medical problem that was able to be corrected. (Long story short, she had some scar tissue from an old tonsil surgery that had created a sort of tiny flap that was obstructing her breathing while she slept, so she was never going into deep sleep because her body kept going into panic mode when she stopped breathing.) If your brother has always been difficult to awaken, and you have always been relatively easy to awaken, I would say it's probably nothing to worry about. But if there has been a significant change recently, you might want to talk to someone.", "link_id": "t3_guvvx4", "time": 1591057455}}
{"fskxki2": {"text": "When I was 17, my parents found out that I was in a same sex relationship. They lost their minds, and I was faced with their unbridled rage and anger and hate. They kicked me out of their home and gave me ridiculous conditions for being allowed back to see them or my sisters. I let and stayed a few nights with some slightly more open minded family members, but those family members were basically of the opinion that I should try to get back in good graces with my parents, if for no other reason than to maintain contact with my sisters. I let that idea get into my head.I cut off a bunch of people who supported who I was in order to show my parents that I was trying to be the person they wanted me to be. It took months before I realized that there would never be an end to it. My parents would always add more conditions, and never accept me for who I am no matter how many things I tried. Many of the people I had cut off had tried to warn me that that is what would happen, and I didn't listen. Eventually, my sisters left my parent's house one by one, and reached out to me. Two of them actually showed up at my door the days they moved out to ask if they could stay with me for a few days until they got on their feet, which I was thrilled to be able to help them out with. If I could go back, I would go to a specific moment when a friend who supported me and my boyfriend throughout the ordeal offered me a place to stay, and I turned it down and remained with the relatives who were pushing me back towards my parents. I would go stay with her instead.", "link_id": "t3_guvvyq", "time": 1591055797}}
{"fskmnvn": {"text": "He has a new special? Did people just forget that he is a massive creep who never addressed his disgusting behavior?", "link_id": "t3_guudcx", "time": 1591049979}}
{"fskly0r": {"text": "Interestingly, this is a phenomenon that only happens with water! (And by that I don't mean it has to be pure water, it can be a solution like soda or juice or whatever) Most substances shrink in size and become more dense when they go from a liquid to a solid, but water gains in size and becomes less dense. It has to do with a bunch of chemical properties of water including electric polarity in the molecules, and it has all kinds of interesting effects related to life on earth.", "link_id": "t3_gutgz2", "time": 1591049602}}
{"fskioyw": {"text": "The word \"thugs\" is packed with racist intent, and in this case 100% referred to African Americans. On top of that, the phrase \"when the looting starts, the shooting starts\" was a popular phrase used by segregationist leaders during the civil rights movement in the 1960's, and was used to defend violence against both peaceful and non peaceful protests during that era. Who exactly are you suggesting he was talking about if he wasn't talking about people of color? I'm not being antagonistic, I'm genuinely curious. He used racially charged language while talking about the situation, and reading his tweet as a call for violence against black and brown Americans is absolutely correct.", "link_id": "t3_gut7mz", "time": 1591047945}}
{"fskbjgj": {"text": "No it's not. It's \"I ma gay\" backwards.", "link_id": "t3_gusmyn", "time": 1591044417}}
{"fskb8hi": {"text": "Absolutely not, for a number of reasons. The justice system makes mistakes all the time, to start. The fact that there is a list of people who have been exonerated after their execution is horrific. But even if I believed that the justice system was 100% fool proof, and an innocent person never ended up on death row, I don't think I'd be comfortable with it. Actually carrying out the death penalty is usually cruel, inhumane, and monstrous. The electric chair sets people on fire before killing them sometimes, and the drugs used for lethal injection are administered by amateurs and don't actually do the things that you may have been led to believe they do (Drugs that would be effective at killing someone aren't available at your local pharmacy, so they just guess at a cocktail that might do the job without creating a scene of abject horror. They often fail. Often, they just overdose them on meds that make the inmate's last minutes filled with unimaginable pain and terror.). Seriously, they are ALWAYS administered by amateurs. Medical professionals are not allowed to administer lethal injections because it violates their code of ethics and they would immediately lose their licensing. Doctors and nurses aren't even allowed to consult with them on the best way to do it. They can't recommend drugs, or dosages, or anything else. Some people who have studied the death penalty throughout history say that firing squads and the guillotine were much more humane than anything we do now. I understand, I suppose, the part of the lizard brain that wants to see \"justice\" and \"an eye for an eye\", but I think that we should be better than that.", "link_id": "t3_gurz9r", "time": 1591044268}}
{"fsjp93v": {"text": "My stalker wasn't a traditional stalker, I suppose. When I was in high school, I was super involved in the church my family went to, and grew close to another family who attended the church. The family consisted of a mother and her children, two of the children bring three year old twin girls. The father of the children was mostly out of the picture, and I didn't know much about him other than that he played in a local band that played in area bars, was drunk a lot, and missed a lot of his weekend visitation with the kids. The three year old twins were somewhat infatuated with me. This was my senior year, so I was 17, and their parents were only a bit older than that, in their early 20s, so it wasn't really hard to imagine why they would jump at the opportunity to seek out attention from me. I was the eldest of my parent's children, and had always been active in helping raise my four younger sisters, so found it easy and fun to play with these kids for a bit every Sunday after church. One Sunday, this family came in, and the mom told me that when the twins had gone shopping with her earlier that week, she had told them to pick out a package of underwear, and they both had insisted on a pack of Winnie the Pooh character underwear, telling their mom that they wanted them because I at one point had mentioned that I liked Eeyore and Tigger, and the pack featured both characters. Mom thought it was cute that they had remembered and thought I would also think it was cute.This is where things got crazy though. Apparently, some time in the next few days, the girls saw their dad, and they told him that they got new underwear, and mentioned that they bought them specifically because they thought I would like them. Rather than asking mom what was going on, dad jumped to the conclusion that I was routinely sexually abusing his children. That's how the stalking started. I started seeing him parked near my school, near the church, and eventually following me home. He would always have a camcorder with him, documenting my movement. I didn't even know who he was at first. I had never met him before. It wasn't until the twins mom told me that their dad had flipped out that I was even able to put it together.This dude stalked me for weeks. I would be hanging out with my friends, and spot his truck parked half a block away. I would come out of church, and there he would be. No where was safe, it seemed. He never approached or confronted me, though. That may have made it even worse, honestly. I had no idea what his plan was, or where this all was going. I began having panic attacks and constant anxiety. It was terrible.Now, at the time, I was also in the process of seeing mental health professionals for other problems. Eventually, I would be diagnosed with a severe type of bipolar disorder, but when I first sought help, my primary complaint was the depression. Now, if you are familiar with bipolar disorder, you may know that most people with bipolar disorder don't complain about the flip side - the mania. But it can get us in real trouble. And one way to trigger a manic episode is to start a medication meant to treat standard depression. Antidepressants can rocket you into mania. And that is exactly what happened a couple weeks after the stalking started.I started taking an antidepressant, and within a week or two, I felt fantastic. Higher than I had ever felt before. Energy without end. But also, a touch of rage and impulsive behavior. Okay, maybe more than a touch. My fear and anxiety about the stalking turned into pure rage. And then one night, I snapped. I saw him, and I ran toward his vehicle, jumped on the hood of his truck, and started pounding on the windshield and just lost my mind, screaming like a wild animal the entire time. I let out all the rage that had been building up as I just flailed and screamed. It was insane. A neighbor called the cops, but the girls dad had left the scene by the time they showed up. They tracked him down, and I don't know exactly what they said to him, but between my behavior and their visit, the stalking ended.", "link_id": "t3_gun80m", "time": 1591033649}}
{"fsjka0r": {"text": "I had a dream when I was a kid that my mom put a thick layer of ketchup all over my bedroom door and then began to place sliced carrots into the ketchup, with each carrot remaining fixed in place in the thick, sticky, slowly drying ketchup. I woke up from the dream in a dead sweat, and went and checked my bedroom door. I was truly terrified when I first woke up. After I came out of my sleepy state a little more, I was genuinely confused what part of the dream could have possibly been terrifying. I can still remember the dream vividly, and can instantly recall the terror I felt when I snapped awake. This dream happened like 25 years ago, and it's still stuck in my psyche, and I have no idea why.", "link_id": "t3_gun88a", "time": 1591031242}}
{"fsjh5xl": {"text": "A wine tasting event where you must brush your teeth between each tasting.", "link_id": "t3_gune6m", "time": 1591029718}}
{"fse9lz2": {"text": "Legalization would end a lot of the problems that make drugs deadly. For example, the most common cause of overdose in heroin users is it having been tainted with Fentanyl, an extremely powerful drug. Like, you could fit enough to kill a herd of elephants on a penny. It's insane. The heroin smuggled into the US is sometimes cut with some kind of inert inactive ingredient to bulk up the volume and then laced with fentanyl to make it potent. Being off by even a tiny bit with the amount of fentanyl you add can be lethal, even to habitual users.Another consideration is that legalization could include access to purity and potency testing sites for users. We could streamline the path to drug misuse rehabilitation, and make access to various treatments and therapies easier for anyone who wants it. And the assumption that everyone would start using these chemicals isn't likely in my opinion. I mean, if heroin was legal, I still wouldn't try it. I'm guessing there are many people who would agree with me on that.", "link_id": "t3_gtt838", "time": 1590903739}}
{"fse2a63": {"text": "What makes too think I have known people that have had prayers answered? I know people who pray, but I have never seen anything supernatural happen because of a prayer. I've seen the results they wanted happen, but in absolutely every instance, there was absolutely zero reason to believe that the outcome involved some kind of supernatural intervention, and couldn't easily be explained as a natural outcome that was likely to occur with or without prayer.", "link_id": "t3_gts86z", "time": 1590898587}}
{"fsdyrax": {"text": "So are bananas", "link_id": "t3_gtrp7h", "time": 1590896378}}
{"fsdy652": {"text": "I usually type the name of the source into a search engine if it's not a source I'm familiar with. You can usually find a page that will tell you a little bit about the source and you can look for red flags in the description. For example, identifying themselves as affiliated with a particular political party might be a red flag. You can also browse the main site and see if anything pops out as a concern. If you can't find much using those methods, you can always search for similar stories or whatever from other publications that you're more familiar with.", "link_id": "t3_gtrrsh", "time": 1590896009}}
{"fsdxmf6": {"text": "https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2020/05/30/police-george-floyd-qualified-immunity-supreme-court-column/5283349002/", "link_id": "t3_gtqu67", "time": 1590895659}}
{"fsdwsio": {"text": "She knows how it's pronounced now, but a few years ago my daughter was going through the spice cupboard and picked up the cayenne pepper and tried to sound it out. She made it rhyme with hyena. It was amazing.", "link_id": "t3_gtr7eq", "time": 1590895125}}
{"fsdvm1t": {"text": "Boxer briefs all the way. I used to wear boxers, but a while back I had a vasectomy and my doctor told me I should wear underwear with more support until it was all healed up. There was no way I was buying tighty whiteys. So I grabbed a pack of boxer briefs. I immediately wondered why I hadn't been buying them all along instead of boxers. I really like them.", "link_id": "t3_gtrd02", "time": 1590894395}}
{"fsduey9": {"text": "There's a part of me that thinks I would like to come back as a koala. I'm an anxious mess who over thinks everything all the time. Koalas are dumb as a box of rocks and don't seem to really be bothered by much the majority of the time. It would be a whole lot of eating and napping in trees.", "link_id": "t3_gtqtay", "time": 1590893648}}
{"fsdtycb": {"text": "I just learned something today related to this. The law requires that in cases where you accuse law enforcement of violating your civil rights, you have to demonstrate that the right they violated is \"an established right\", which means that the same situation has come before the court before and there's a precedent that shows that the right you're talking about has been recognized by the court as a protected right. It basically has created a system similar to the classic \"To get a job in this field you need to have experience. To gain experience you need to get this job\" where there is no real resolution to the circular nature of it. It's messed up.", "link_id": "t3_gtqu67", "time": 1590893357}}
{"fsdt4bv": {"text": "It varies depending on our relationship and the nature of the disagreement. If we can argue about it without ruining our relationship, I might argue with them a bit and lay out my points. If I'm not really invested in our relationship, I will either ignore it or hide them from my feed or something. Some things, though, I don't tolerate. Explicit racism is one I've gone to war about, for example. My wife is middle eastern and I have an aunt who posted a pretty vile meme about all people of middle eastern descent. I ripped into her and then blocked her.", "link_id": "t3_gtqvbf", "time": 1590892840}}
{"fsdsg9m": {"text": "Mantis shrimp can punch at such an extreme speed and with so much force that they are difficult to keep in captivity because they are able to shatter aquariums. Their punch produces a phenomenon known as cavitation bubbles that create what is basically a shock wave that is so powerful that even if the mantis shrimp doesn't land the punch with their claw, the shock wave often kills their prey. Some species punch with so much force and speed that the water in the cavitation bubbles actually boils. The force generated by these tiny creatures is unbelievable.", "link_id": "t3_gtqvrw", "time": 1590892424}}
{"fsdrc3a": {"text": "Completely abolishing labor unions isn't typically something that results in improvements to the workers, which in this case would be the police. Prior to the formation of police unions, working conditions and wages and the equipment available to officers was often pretty terrible. The police established a labor union to fight for these things as a collective. Before police unions become common, officers worked long shifts up to six days a week for substandard wages, and many departments were poorly funded and struggled to provide up to date equipment or training, etc. Unions changed all that, and law enforcement agencies were better for it.Unfortunately, over time, police unions have somehow gained an immense amount of influence over policy and legislation. An insane amount of power. As you stated, many of these unions have created a system that protects violent and criminal cops. That is unacceptable for certain. Many of these unions have stipulated the way that misconduct is handled, and it often is extremely problematic. Officers under investigation often have an extended period of time before they can be interviewed, and departments are required to allow them access to video footage, witness statements (often including the identities of the witnesses), and other pertinent evidence. There are rules in place for where they can be interviewed, how long interviews can last, and who is allowed to interview them. Some union agreements include stipulations that allow officers under investigation to remain on the job and interacting with the public throughout the investigation. Some allow officers disciplined or even convicted of criminal misconduct to stay on the job. The power these unions wield is unacceptable.In addition to collective bargaining agreements, many unions are very involved in political activities, usually with much success. Law Enforcement Officers Bill of Rights exist in many jurisdictions in one form or another, and are often dictated by the unions. They usually create an entirely different standard for law enforcement and shield them from prosecution. I would say that most, if not all, of these \"Bill of Rights\" on the books should be tossed out.There are many, many labor unions across the country though, and a strong union can improve working conditions in incredible ways. I am not sure that saying that they can't have a union at all would be a positive thing. Police have a tough and sometimes dangerous job, and they should be appropriately compensated and shouldn't be expected to work an unbearable number of hours, and should have safe and up to date equipment. Where I live, for example, the police union successfully fought for the department to have funding to purchase new vehicles, as the vehicles they had broke down so often that there were days officers couldn't patrol and were stuck at a desk because there were so many vehicles out of commission at the time. Advocacy like that is important, and I'm not sure if the vehicles would have been purchased without the pressure from the union.I would say that police unions need to have their influence drastically reduced from its current status, and a new model of union put in its place. A labor union more in line with other field specific unions. That, I think, would be preferable to completely abolishing police unions.", "link_id": "t3_gtq0gk", "time": 1590891749}}
{"fsdl6hm": {"text": "The difference is pretty subtle. Only a few jurisdictions in the US use the charge of third degree murder. Basically, third degree murder applies when someone attacks or assaults someone with the intent to do great bodily harm but does not intend to kill them, and the person dies as a result of the attack or assault. The attacker didn't plan to kill them when the attack began, but that was the end result. Most jurisdictions stipulate something about the method of the attack and what kind of weapons were brought to the scene by the attacker. For example, if someone went in to rob a bank and brought a weapon meant to harm but not necessarily kill someone, for example a baton or something like that, and someone died from their injuries, it would be a third degree murder. But if the robber showed up with a gun, they would face a more severe charge, because it would indicate they came prepared to use lethal force if necessary.There are a few different categories of manslaughter, but given the current headlines in the news, I'm going to assume you're talking about voluntary manslaughter. Voluntary manslaughter charges are used when the attacker didn't arrive at the scene of the attack planning to attack the victim, but something provoked a strong emotional response in the attacker that led to them attacking the victim and they end up killing the victim. The classic example given for a voluntary manslaughter case is when a husband comes home and discovers their wife having sex with another man, and in a moment of passion, the husband kills them both.", "link_id": "t3_gtp1qi", "time": 1590887963}}
{"fsdiycb": {"text": "Yeah, there were rules for both boys and girls. The girls had to have their hair long enough that it touched their shoulders. They used a few different Bible verses that talk about how men and women should dress and look to create the rules about how we had to dress and groom ourselves.", "link_id": "t3_gtp3tu", "time": 1590886613}}
{"fsdibp8": {"text": "I grew up attending a strict Baptist church and going to a strict Baptist school. There were lots of rules that, when I tell people about them now, I realize are crazy. One example was the hair length rule. If any of my hair was long enough to even graze my ears, I would be sent home until I got a haircut. Hahaha", "link_id": "t3_gtp3tu", "time": 1590886234}}
{"fsdhxt2": {"text": "I was raised in a very sheltered home and my family went to an extremely strict and conservative Independent Fundamental Baptist church. I had virtually no exposure to anything than was considered at all objectionable by the church. I went to at least three church services a week, and attended a small religious school, also run by Baptists. Then, when I was 18, I was outed as bisexual toy parents and kicked out of their house suddenly.I spent the next few years doing a lot of discovery. I read about science and religions and history and all sorts of stuff. (I can honestly say that despite taking four years of high school courses that the school called science, I learned almost no actual science. I learned more religion than I did science im those courses.) I hung out with people from a variety of backgrounds and talked about anything and everything they had to share. I just made sure to expose myself to all the ideas and experiences I could.It took a while, but I figured out a lot of stuff about the world and gained a lot of compassion and empathy that sadly, I hadn't learned in church. I would say I'm fairly open minded, but with a bend toward skepticism. When I see something that sounds even the slightest bit fishy, I have to find out the truth, and I find a lot of stuff fishy.", "link_id": "t3_gtp4ax", "time": 1590886001}}
{"fsddz27": {"text": "I believe that when you die, that's it. Your body goes in the ground but your consciousness is gone. Going to a happy place in the clouds would have some perks, I suppose, but I just don't see how people believe in that sort of stuff.", "link_id": "t3_gtoov3", "time": 1590883626}}
{"fsddn4a": {"text": "They have to hold on to it until the case is finished in court. If the accused is found not guilty, usually they have to return the money. If they are found guilty, the money is handed over to the agency or agencies that handled the case and made the arrest. Whatever agency it goes to gets to spend it on whatever they want. They can also sell any property they seize, with guns and vehicles being the things they sell the most often. That money also goes in their pockets.", "link_id": "t3_gtopt0", "time": 1590883430}}
{"fsdcosu": {"text": "Because of the powers given to the FCC to punish broadcasters if they air certain types of obscenity and profanity. Through a patchwork of legislation and Supreme Court rulings, in the US, certain types of speech and visuals on television, radio and other media are considered to not be protected by the first amendment. There have been a few cases that made it to the Supreme Court, and in many ways the rules are a bit fuzzy, and what is allowed has evolved over the years. But in general, local channels and network television (as well as most radio stations) aren't allowed to air content that uses certain curse words or anything deemed \"obscene\". If they air this content, the FCC can take action against them, usually by fining them huge sums of money. Cable channels that are only available with a subscription have significantly more leeway, and that's why you see the stuff you do on HBO or Showtime, etc. The FCC usually only takes action if there is a complaint about content, and as our culture has changed as far as what it deems as obscene or profane, network channels have been able to slip in stuff that wouldn't have been allowed in the past. The big considerations in these cases have always been mainly about whether the content had any artistic merit, who the target audience is, and the time of day it was aired. The Justice who handed down one of the first rulings on almost this stuff was asked to define obscenity, and he said he couldn't give a definition, he just knew it when he saw it. So a lot of the decisions made by the FCC even to this day are pretty arbitrary.", "link_id": "t3_gtntwz", "time": 1590882875}}
{"fsd9nhk": {"text": "There are lots of types of \"mob mentality\", but in this situation, they are talking about the tendency on most corners of reddit to see people kind of piling on to the same ideas and making it difficult for anyone to dissent and offer a different opinion. Most types of mob mentality involve a sort of domino effect where one or two people start some kind of behavior and at first a few people start going along with it, and then a few more, and more, and eventually pretty much everyone is going along with what's happening. Lots of things can be understood by looking at it through the lens of mob mentality. Riots, for example. Trends in fads and fashion often can be understood this way. There's a lot of cool stuff you can read on the topic.", "link_id": "t3_gtntyb", "time": 1590881129}}
{"fsd7zjm": {"text": "I'm glad you feel beautiful, because you ARE beautiful. I get the struggle. I have a type of bipolar disorder, and when I fall into a depressive funk, everything seems impossible and it feels like the hopelessness will never end. But it gets better, and I get to the other side. It took some time to find the right medication for me and a lot of work in therapy to develop the skills to stay afloat in that darkness, but it's 100% worth it. Keep up the fight!", "link_id": "t3_gtnupi", "time": 1590880174}}
{"fsd77eo": {"text": "Okay. Here's a hypothetical scenario. Say your brother talks to someone else about this topic, and somehow the fact that he could push the issue by involving the courts (because he probably could push the issue into court, honestly, if he gets the idea in his head). There are a few things that could result if that were to happen. He might lose, and you would retain guardianship. How would that impact your relationship? Or he might win. What would happen in that situation? Just keep that possibility in your mind as one consideration.Another thing to consider is how much of your reluctance is truly warranted. I mean, there are plenty of neurotypical adults out in the world who are impulsive, reckless, na\u00efve and irresponsible, and most of them end up doing just fine after a few bumps in the road and learned lessons. Autism might impact some aspects of that process, but it sounds like he's capable of navigating the real world if he completed college. I actually work in the field of providing supports to individuals with developmental disabilities and autism, and I know that it's tough for families to balance protecting their loved one from harm versus being overbearing and controlling. You don't want to see him get hurt or fail. That's a perfectly natural instinct. But life presents challenges and difficulties for everyone at some point, and we all need to develop ways to deal with problems and cope with difficulties and get to the other side of those situations. I mean, what are your long term plans for him? I know you are both young right now, but if you are gone or unable to support him for some reason in 40 or 50 years, what would happen to him? Would he be thrust into suddenly having to figure out how to care for himself in his 70s? Would he end up in a supported living situation because he didn't have the life skills to be on his own after being dependent on someone else for his whole life?I mean, I'm not sure what level of support he needs on a daily basis, I'm just giving examples of situations I have encountered over the years in my profession. You would never shocked to see the number of elderly individuals who seem like they should be capable of independent living end up in group homes because their parents never let them be as independent as they had the potential to be. These parents had very good intentions. They didn't want to see their child struggle or suffer or go through a miserable situation. They really thought they were doing what was best.So spend some quality time with yourself. Think about anything that I've said that applies to your situation. Think about the source of your reluctance. Consider that maybe there are compromises you could make for now, maybe you could even create a plan where you set goals with the end result of relinquishing guardianship somewhere down the road when he has completed the plan. I mean, there's no easy solution here, and anyone who responds to your post with a short easy answer is insane. Lol. I'm always willing to talk some more about this if you need to.", "link_id": "t3_gtn8wm", "time": 1590879727}}
{"fsd36z3": {"text": "Are humans and chimps genetically similar enough that they could successful produce viable offspring? I would love to know, and would be fascinated to see the result of hybridization.", "link_id": "t3_gtmjzj", "time": 1590877487}}
{"fsd2k9r": {"text": "Bill Gates has more money than most people could even imagine having, and uses that money in all sorts of ways. Some of the things he does are absolutely fantastic, like the fact that he has put a ton of money into providing medical supplies and equipment and medicine and vaccines to developing countries in an effort to wipe out deadly diseases that have been eradicated in many other places. That's a great use of his money. But... He also uses his money here in the US to push things through that he thinks are good ideas, and sometimes his ideas are controversial. Like, he poured tons of money into pushing the Common Core, and he's a big fan of charter schools, and does stuff at various universities. He's often willing to use his cash to push things through despite the general public's resistance. For example, he has pushed for votes to be put on ballots repeatedly and when they repeatedly lost, he has switched tactics and used his money to influence legislators to do what he wants anyways. I don't think he is evil or malicious by any means. But I also don't think that one person should be able to use their insane amount of wealth to force their agenda on people. I genuinely think that, at least most of the time, he means well. But, like many ridiculously wealthy people, he sometimes seems to think he's an expert in more things than he is actually an expert in, and some of his ideas might be totally wrong, to be honest.So, taking that all into account, there is a certain subset of the US population who sees ghouls around every corner amd gladly jump on conspiracy theories. Gates is an easy target. An insanely wealthy man, known to pretty much act like a bully at times to get his way, and some of those ideas have been unpopular (I'm not sure how familiar you are with Common Core, but it's SUPER unpopular in many places). As time has gone on, the conspiracy theories have become more and more bizarre. Then, COVID-19 happened, and the whole thing kind of blew up all over social media. The pandemic has seemed to turn up the crazy in people I used to think were fairly reasonable, and conspiracy theories have flourished. Bill Gates already had access to companies that manufacture and distribute medical stuff, so he was a big part of the attempts to create treatments and prevention, especially as far as developing a vaccine. That brought in the antivaxx people on top of the conspiracy nuts, and now it's pretty common to see posts that paint him as the Antichrist.", "link_id": "t3_gtmkpe", "time": 1590877162}}
{"fsctgze": {"text": "Based on what I've been seeing people post on Facebook recently, it seems like people think going to Google to do a quick search and fact check is impossibly difficult. But it's actually quite simple. Lol", "link_id": "t3_gtm2lf", "time": 1590873700}}
{"fscsgcz": {"text": "\"To us\" is the important part there. They were naturally attractive as a food source for other creatures, including fruit bats and birds.", "link_id": "t3_gtgrj6", "time": 1590873309}}
{"fscrsy8": {"text": "It's a common misconception that ASL is just about hand movements. ASL actually involves at least the entire upper body, if not more. Some signs involve facial expressions, mouth movements, etc, while others do not. What you are seeing us the interpreter using a sign that requires them to do something with their face, and then returning to what would be considered what I guess you would call a resting face, which for interpreters usually means a friendly expression, but not so much of a smile that they look silly. I am not fluent enough to be an interpreter, but I have taken several courses on ASL and it really requires you to kind of be extreme in your expressions and gestures sometimes. I work with the developmentally disabled and have worked with many individuals who utilize sign language for various reasons. Several of them were deaf, but some of them had speech ams communication disorders and were better able to communicate using a signed language than a spoken language. Many individuals with certain types of autism use at least some signs, for example. I also have had several deaf coworkers over the years, and learned some cool stuff about Deaf culture and history. It's really interesting.", "link_id": "t3_gtllxp", "time": 1590873069}}
{"fsc6zen": {"text": "I think that it's incorrect to call it a melting pot by and large. It's more of a mosaic culture. A \"melting pot\" may have been a bit truer in the past, but things have changed over time. \"Melting pot\" refers to the idea that immigrants are mostly absorbed and Americanized fairly smoothly, for the most part adopting our customs and way of life and language and such, while retaining small parts of the culture they were born into. In the past, immigrants were expected to fall in line and adopt all the things I mentioned pretty quickly, and often felt pressured to abandon many parts of their former life. For example, my grandmother's stepfather was an Italian immigrant who came here with his family, and she tells stories about how they all changed their names to sound more American (as in, Lorenzo began calling himself Lawrence, etc), and refrained from speaking Italian in public, and stuff like that. Yes, traditional foods and a few customs might stick around, and maybe even affect the wider culture eventually, but many aspects of their identity were expected to be dropped when they got here. They were expected to assimilate. In the present day, in many places in the US, that approach has changed. Immigrants don't feel ashamed to speak their mother tongue in public for the most part (although there are still racists and xenophobes who can be belligerent about it in some places). Many immigrants retain many of their cultural traditions and there is less stigma about that. You might even see them wearing symbols that identify their country of origin in their homes or even as clothing or accessories. The pressure to assimilate completely has lessened. Sure, it's still there to some degree, and the pressure varies by location, but it's lessened for certain. Immigrants keep their birth names typically now, rather than changing them to American sounding names. Most people who study this stuff say we have become more a \"mosaic\" than a \"melting pot\". All that said, I think that it's mostly a net positive to live in a culture that allows this sort of mixing, that allows people to embrace both their ethnic identity and origin, alongside their new American identity. I enjoy beings exposed to other traditions and viewpoints, and think that exposure to these things usually leads to everyone involved gaining more compassion and understanding and acceptance of differences.", "link_id": "t3_gtivl0", "time": 1590865606}}
{"fsc1sm0": {"text": "A patriot by definition is a person who is enthusiastically proud of the country they live in, often including everything from its religious traditions to its general way of life to the symbols used to represent those things and even the actual land itself, as well as a desire to defend and preserve those things. Excessive patriotism often leads to Nationalism, or at least Nationalistic leanings. Personally, I don't understand strong feelings of patriotism. I have lots of things I'm proud of in my life, but the country I happened to be born in isn't really something I feel particularly strongly about. Like, yeah, there is a lot of natural beauty in the US, and there are rights I have here that don't exist in some countries, and that's good. But there are countries that are just as good, and some are arguably better in many ways. Plus there are many things about the US, both historically and presently, that I find unacceptable or abhorrent. I just can't get on board with people who talk about how America is just the number one place in the whole world and act like they did something to deserve bring born here or whatever.", "link_id": "t3_gtivq9", "time": 1590863786}}
{"fsbrjn3": {"text": "Things can vary WILDLY from one country to the next. I traveled to Central America when I was in college and exchanged my American dollars for their currency, and anticipated going through most of the money based on what I was accustomed to paying for things. I only went through about half of the cash though, because most things were so inexpensive in most places. I've had friends who traveled to Europe, and they reported that some items cost significantly more than they were used to paying in the US in many places. A lot of different factors are involved in the price of just about every product. Is it produced locally? If it's imported, how much does bringing it into the country cost the distributor? What is the demand for the product like? (Typically, items cost less if you buy them in larger quantities, so items with low demand in one location may cost more there than the same product in a place where there is a high demand for the product.) What is the cost of living in that location? In Honduras, for example, there was a significant amount of extreme poverty when I was there, and the economy wasn't doing well at all, and there was political turmoil in many areas. That had an impact on both the exchange rate of their currency and the relative cost of items.", "link_id": "t3_gtht2j", "time": 1590860302}}
{"fsbndz3": {"text": "Answer: \"read the room\" means trying to determine the thoughts, feelings, reactions and perspectives of the people around you and reacting accordingly in some way. A lot of times, you'll see it used to talk about someone failing at the task. For example, someone might start talking about a topic that makes everyone in the room uncomfortable, and keep going on and on about it if no one speaks up because they don't pay attention to the nonverbal cues that everyone is uncomfortable. Someone may comment afterwards that they failed to read the room.", "link_id": "t3_gtgymc", "time": 1590858795}}
{"fsblrve": {"text": "It usually starts small, with one or two people doing unethical things, benefitting from those unethical things and getting away with what they did. From there, it spirals out of control and pretty soon the whole culture of the organization just accepts unethical behavior as the norm, with the worst of them always pushing the envelope a little bit further. I suppose it's just the way some people operate - seeking power and wealth and prestige even when it is detrimental to others, and once it becomes business as usual, others can make themselves feel better by not being as callous as the worst of them, while still engaging in unethical behavior. As a species, we have evolved with conflicting instincts both to act selfishly and to act altruistically, depending on the circumstances, and I suppose those instincts aren't exactly in the same proportions in every individual, depending on both nature and nurture I would guess. We all know people at each extreme - both people who predominantly act in their own self interest, and those who typically act in a way that benefits others. But we all have both traits to some extent. And any situation with a hierarchy is susceptible to bring affected by people who seek power at any price.", "link_id": "t3_gth09w", "time": 1590858170}}
{"fsbj2ef": {"text": "One thing I wish I had learned earlier in life is that sometimes what makes you happy is more important than the approval of others. I spent the better part of my twenties doing everything I could to make everyone around me happy, even if it was at the expense of my own happiness. Sometimes it's okay to ignore disapproval and just do something that makes you happy.", "link_id": "t3_gth3au", "time": 1590857102}}
{"fsbg6sl": {"text": "Most edible fruits have specifically evolved to be attractive to animals, who eat the fruit and then disperse the seeds. While humans have done selective breeding to many of them, they were already naturally attractive as a food source, and would have remained so without human intervention.", "link_id": "t3_gtgrj6", "time": 1590855854}}
{"fsbfdxx": {"text": "In the 1700's, men wore heels for a few reasons, but most of them were in some way related to demonstrating wealth and status. In same places, there were even regulations about how high a heel should be based on your social status. Heels started as a way for men to keep their feet in stirrups when riding a horse. Owning horses typically was something only the wealthy could afford, so they began to be associated with wealth. They also demonstrated thatvthe wearee had a lifestyle that allowed them to wear shoes that would be impractical for men to wear while they worked or whatever. Like, you couldn't comfortably go out and plow the fields in two inch heels. Wearing heels showed that a man had money and lived a life of leisure.", "link_id": "t3_gtduxz", "time": 1590855435}}
{"fsbdq88": {"text": "The problem is largely a training issue. If you're interested, look into \"Warrior Training\", especially the program offered by Dave Grossman. Those kinds of trainings teach cops to be aggressive, paranoid and trigger happy. Grossman has a course called \"Killology\" where he tells cops that they need to get in the mindset that killing people isn't a big deal and it's part of their job. That kind of training leads to cops who do bad things. On top of that, the system is set up in such a way that most cops who do bad things don't face any real consequences.", "link_id": "t3_gtcumz", "time": 1590854680}}
{"fsb8v8c": {"text": "Interrupting a wedding to tell one of them you're in love with them.", "link_id": "t3_gtf98p", "time": 1590851345}}
{"fsb3smj": {"text": "When my eldest daughter was an infant, there were many many times that we put on \"Baby Einstein\" videos so we could go to the bedroom. The TV sits on the other side of the wall our bed us against. So our time in the bedroom was accompanied by the sound of those videos for about a year.", "link_id": "t3_gteqzs", "time": 1590848308}}
{"fsb2h5y": {"text": "Why do you think horses are dumb? There haven't been as many studies on their intelligence as these have been on some other animals, but the studies that have been done have shown that they are comparable to a dog or cat. If you are looking for a dumb animal, you should read up on koala intelligence. They are dumb as a rock.", "link_id": "t3_gteprw", "time": 1590847485}}
{"fsb1rdl": {"text": "I watched a story about a teenager who petitioned Representatives in here state to change the laws surrounding child marriage, and one of the politicians appeared on television in an interview saying that he didn't take her petition seriously, because she was a minor. Like, her whole point was that minors shouldn't be able to be married off to adult men, which is legal in many states, and this guy said that her opinion on the subject didn't matter, because she was a teenager, the exact demographic she was trying to protect. The whole story was messed up.", "link_id": "t3_gtel1d", "time": 1590847026}}
{"fsazrl2": {"text": "A copy of Walt Whitman's \"Leaves of Grass\" from the late 1800's", "link_id": "t3_gte6r7", "time": 1590845690}}
{"fsaz71n": {"text": "The other day, I posted on Facebook that I should have been born in the 1700's, when men wore high heels and beautiful clothes and everyone you didn't like died of a plague. Lol", "link_id": "t3_gtduxz", "time": 1590845293}}
{"fsayqsb": {"text": "In 2009, I left my house and had a concrete plan to commit suicide. My wife and kids were out of town for the weekend and I thought it would be easier if I did it without them bring around and did it in a place where they wouldn't be the ones who found my body. For some reason, a last glimmer of hope got into my head while I was driving, and I went to the emergency room on a whim basically. I walked in and told the first nurse I saw that if she let me walk out of the hospital, I was 100% going to end my own life. I was admitted to the psych ward and spent a week there. I was diagnosed with a type of bipolar disorder and put on meds and within a few months, I was a completely different person. I've stayed on meds and in treatment ever since, and I have been able to stay working full time, enjoy raising my kids, and building friendships that I didn't see as a possibility back then. I don't know why I turned into the hospital parking lot that day, but it's the best decision I ever made.", "link_id": "t3_gtdxhj", "time": 1590844972}}
{"fsaxmxb": {"text": "Yeah, but the saying is \"One bad apple ruins the bunch\". I saw someone post the other day that if a police force has 10 abusive cops and 90 cops who do nothing to stop them, then you have 100 bad cops. When Chauvin killed George Floyd, he wasn't the only cop on scene. Three other officers were there watching and they didn't stop him. One of them even looked for a pulse, said he couldn't find a pulse, and allowed Chauvin to continue crushing Floyd's throat for nearly three more minutes.", "link_id": "t3_gtcumz", "time": 1590844166}}
{"fsax7er": {"text": "As u/lukub5 said, training is a HUGE part of the problem. I would encourage you to look into Warrior Training, especially the courses involving Dave Grossman. They basically teach cops to see everyone as a threat and live in a constant state of fear and paranoia, and teach them to view themselves as superheros, (like, Grossman says in one seminar that cops should find a high point that overlooks their city and stand there and imagine that they have a cape fluttering in the breeze. Seriously.) These trainings are also often filled with stuff about Jesus and the Bible and quote Bible verses about crime and punishment, killing people, and how great it is if you die so you can go to Heaven. They teach cops to never hesitate to use lethal force, with Grossman offering a course called \"Killology\" and talking in his seminars about how cops should create a mindset that allows them to accept killing people as completely normal and just another day on the job. To add to all this, another problem is police accountability. For a number of reasons, cops play by a different set of rules than the general population. For example, many police union contracts have clauses that protect the so-called \"bad apples\" in differ ways. Some of them include things like giving officers a full day or even several days before they have to sit down and write a statement, or allow officers to read the testimonies of witnesses and watch video evidence before they make a statement, and other things along those lines. There are also \"Police Bill of Rights\" laws in some jurisdictions that allow these sorts of things. Another concern is who is responsible for bringing charges. Cops and District Attorneys are basically coworkers who rely on each other at various stages of a case. Usually, the same prosecutor that the cop works with is the one deciding whether to pursue criminal charges. This ends up meaning that a lot of the time, no charges are filed. And, before this wall of text gets too long, one last thing I want to mention is that suing cops is tough. Because of legal standards, cops are a sort of protected class. To prove that they violated your rights in some way, you have to demonstrate that the rights you are talking about have a precedent of being upheld in another case under nearly identical circumstances. This basically creates a situation where nothing is ever winnable, because it creates the same situation you have when you are attempting to establish credit and are told that to establish credit you need a credit card, but to get a credit card you need established credit. There's other problems, but I've already created a wall of text.", "link_id": "t3_gtcumz", "time": 1590843842}}
{"fsav3ht": {"text": "I think that if I left a jar of mayonnaise in the hot sun for a couple weeks, it would evolve into something that would make a better president than he is.", "link_id": "t3_gtcvpj", "time": 1590842231}}
{"fsau21o": {"text": "", "link_id": "t3_gtd41j", "time": 1590841375}}
{"fs9nlya": {"text": "I also have a serious medical condition that makes it difficult, maybe even impossible, to tolerate 200 pounds of pressure on my windpipe and carotid artery for over eight and a half minutes. Sadly, this condition is more common than you might think. Talk to your doctor about your tolerance to having your carotid artery blocked and your windpipe crushed at your next appointment. You might be living with thus condition, too.", "link_id": "t3_gt09ia", "time": 1590805939}}
{"fs5dsb9": {"text": "They suspected that I had bipolar disorder when I was about 13, but put off diagnosing me for a few years. Diagnosing kids with mental illness is tough, because there's so much flux and instability in their inner lives even without an illness.", "link_id": "t3_gsh8wr", "time": 1590712647}}
{"fs5dfty": {"text": "I was scared when my diagnosis was changed from MDD to bipolar, and I was scared again when it was changed to schizoaffective bipolar. I did a lot of talking about those fears in therapy, and I came to understand that a diagnosis isn't something to be afraid of. If anything, it can provide clarity to your symptoms and experiences living with a mental illness. And, like someone else in here said, in some ways, it's just so they can tell your insurance company why you need help and what kind of help you need. Like, I feel like things make sense with this diagnosis and I can read about other's experiences and gain insight into my own illness and better communicate what's going on when I talk to my doctor. Like, I learned to recognize symptoms as symptoms and better recognize when I'm beginning to go into an episode of some kind. There are good things about giving it a name.", "link_id": "t3_gsgiw4", "time": 1590712449}}
{"fs583tk": {"text": "An important thing to keep in mind when reading up on psych doctors is who exactly is writing these reviews. Most reviews of anything are usually at the extremes. And in the case of psych professionals, I would guess that the majority of reviews would be from unhappy former patients. And... One of the most common things that goes along with some psychiatric disorders is med noncompliance and resistance. I know I have been resistive at times to meds, especially when in a manic state. I feel invincible. In your shoes, I would go to whatever site you're seeing these negative reviews and add your own positive review.Also, I have a great psychiatrist, too. I'm glad you found a good one.", "link_id": "t3_gs7sqp", "time": 1590709474}}
{"fr734zg": {"text": "The technical name is nocturnal penile tumescence, if that sends you down the right path.", "link_id": "t3_gmopko", "time": 1589938590}}
{"fr6y55f": {"text": "I'm not saying Nancy has anything. I'm just saying that if Trump was 245 or less, he carries it very poorly, and I would guess his weight is higher than that.", "link_id": "t3_gmv0s9", "time": 1589935640}}
{"fr6uwaz": {"text": "One of my best friends is 6' and 245, and I know that Trump must weigh more than that. I've been around enough big guys to know that there's zero chance that Trump weighs in the 240s.", "link_id": "t3_gmv0s9", "time": 1589933735}}
{"fr6m6m9": {"text": "It's actually most common to wake up out of an REM sleep cycle compared to other sleep cycles. If you're waking up naturally at least vs. using an alarm. And from puberty to about your mid thirties you should be experiencing multiple erections throughout the night.", "link_id": "t3_gmopko", "time": 1589928823}}
{"fr645mj": {"text": "I think sometimes, because homosexuality is tied up in all this baggage in our society, if you look at it as \"What would I expect a guy to do if he had feelings like this for a female friend?\" is a valid place to start. It feels like it's more complicated because you're both guys. But it's not, really. Love is love.", "link_id": "t3_gmtdmj", "time": 1589919604}}
{"fr63bmf": {"text": "Why are we even discussing an article from the Louder with Crowder people? Are they even worth talking about?", "link_id": "t3_gmpj7m", "time": 1589919184}}
{"fr6208m": {"text": "I think you just need to tell him. Be honest. I'm really confused why you felt that ruining your friendship with him and cutting him off was the best solution. I have a straight friend who I used to have a major crush on and I've admitted it to him. I never worried that he would think I only acted the way I did because I wanted him to be with me. He knows there's more to it than that. I valued him enough to work through my feelings without dumping anything heavy on him that wasn't his problem. Like, if you had a friend that was a girl and you had feelings for her, is the what you would do to her?", "link_id": "t3_gmtdmj", "time": 1589918519}}
{"fr5yvua": {"text": "I would say just don't be dishonest or try to change the subject when this kind of stuff comes up naturally. Kids get curious and ask questions, and if you just keep if open and let them ask questions and answer them with shutting the topic down, they will know they can come to you for stuff. Like, my dad would never talk about any topic related to body changes or sex even I was a kid (I'm a guy btw) and it made it so that when I started having serious questions, I didn't go to him because he had shut down the conversation so many times over the years. Like, don't tell them every detail right out the gate, but don't be afraid to share age appropriate information.", "link_id": "t3_gmtkw7", "time": 1589916978}}
{"fr5y05n": {"text": "As a general rule of thumb, it's best to wait to come out in situations like this until you are able to deal with the potential fallout. In this case, that means having a a place to go to without interrupting your life too much (school, work, transportation, etc). Unfortunately, for many young LGBT+ people, that means feeling like you aren't being honest for a while. You want to scream who you are from the rooftops, and I totally get that, because I've been there. Unfortunately, I was outed by someone else and ended up getting kicked out of my parents house and struggling with schooling, and jobs, and all sorts of stuff for many years. Like, my parents wouldn't even let me use their information on my college loan applications, which made it so I had to write a special letter to the state along with three notarized letters from adults who knew me and could verify the situation just to apply for scholarships and grants and loans. It held up my application for months. That's just one example of the things that can happen. I'm not ashamed of who I am, but I know that things would have been easier if it had stayed something they didn't know about for a bit longer. It's terrible that we live in a world where this is true, but sadly it's the way things are right now.", "link_id": "t3_gmp1bh", "time": 1589916553}}
{"fr5wbqb": {"text": "Thinking about it as \"THE\" talk is part of the problem. It should not be a once and done thing. Your son should know he can come back for further discussion. Bring frank and honest, but not overwhelming him with stuff, is tricky. I mean, at nine there's not a whole lot going on, but a parent should have set up the framework for future discussions once those things do come up.", "link_id": "t3_gmtkw7", "time": 1589915745}}
{"fr5uvp5": {"text": "No. A healthy man experiences multiple erections throughout the night, associated with particular sleep cycles. Waking up with an erection just means you woke up during that sleep cycle.", "link_id": "t3_gmopko", "time": 1589915057}}
{"fr58z4q": {"text": "I'm not sure who the person in the picture is, but the woman they are quoting was a bad ass. Dr. Mary Edwards Walker was the first female surgeon employed by the US army. She worked as a field surgeon during the Civil War. She also fought for abolition and women's suffrage. She refused to wear standard women's clothing, and instead wore what was considered to be men's clothing, including a top hat.", "link_id": "t3_gmktd5", "time": 1589904587}}
{"fr2orda": {"text": "Dehydration isn't really an issue in places where lots of people have Iphones. Lol. Drink when you're thirsty. That's how people did it for hundreds of thousands of years, and it seems to have worked just fine.", "link_id": "t3_gm4uvc", "time": 1589841053}}
{"fqxnr6x": {"text": "I posted a specific quote I used when my wife and I renewed our vows last year. I actually assembled/created the entire service. I used quotes from authors I like, like Philip Pullman and Neil Gaiman, and used the Universal Unitarian wedding service booklet (which is available online) as a template to create a service. The UU service has various options for each part of the service, and it's quite easy go create a service from their format without any mention of a deity.", "link_id": "t3_glhh29", "time": 1589735139}}
{"fqxmogw": {"text": "\u201cI will love you forever; whatever happens. Till I die and after I die, and when I find my way out of the land of the dead, I\u2019ll drift about forever, all my atoms, till I find you again. I\u2019ll be looking for you, every moment, every single moment. And when we do find each other again, we\u2019ll cling together so tight that nothing and no one\u2019ll ever tear us apart. Every atom of me and every atom of you. We\u2019ll live in birds and flowers and dragonflies and pine trees and in clouds and in those little specks of light you see floating in sunbeams. And when they use our atoms to make new lives, they won\u2019t be able to take one, they\u2019ll have to take two, one of you and one of me.\u201d-Phillip Pullman", "link_id": "t3_glhh29", "time": 1589734669}}
{"fqwg8zq": {"text": "I would not feel comfortable saying anything about questions like this unless you were ABSOLUTELY SURE about the mom's blood type. She's the wild card, in my opinion.", "link_id": "t3_gla6ug", "time": 1589703322}}
{"fqwfpfj": {"text": "It absolutely IS possible for two people with Rh positive blood to have a child with Rh negative blood type. They just both have to have a dominant Rh positive allele and a recessive Rh negative allele. That gives them a 25% chance of producing a child with Rh negative blood type.", "link_id": "t3_gla6ug", "time": 1589702772}}
{"fqw2udn": {"text": "The Merro Tree by Katie Waitman. It's about a pansexual+ alien performer who ends up in prison for performing a dance that was censored/banned for political reasons, the fallout from it, and his arguments for why he should be allowed to perform it. I read it for the first time when I was about 16 and fell in love with it.", "link_id": "t3_gkpbrr", "time": 1589691300}}
{"fqw1s8h": {"text": "My daughter enjoyed R.L. Stein's other books as well. She was about in the place you're talking about when she read them. She found them in in the young adult section at the library, I believe. The Goosebumps series is definitely meant for younger kids, but he did write for YA and even adults as well.", "link_id": "t3_gl3l4a", "time": 1589690495}}
{"fquxfzo": {"text": "Virtually all truly domesticated animals (not tame animals) are descendants of socially complex animals that live in herds or packs or whatever name a group of them is called. This is because humans had to be able to use their hierarchy against them, so to speak, and have the animals see them as dominant. Only a handful of species have been truly domesticated (usually you'll see a number around 15-20, or even less sometimes, depending on how they count them).", "link_id": "t3_gkq9oo", "time": 1589666011}}
{"fqrvc87": {"text": "If you like lentils, you would love a dish my wife makes. Lol. She's Lebanese and makes a dish called Mjedra. It's fairly simple. I believe it's not much more than lentils, rice, onions and some spices. It's delicious. There are variations across the middle east, with some spelling differences, but there's plenty of recipes online if too want to check them out and find one to try. Honestly, the simpler the better though.", "link_id": "t3_gkg44j", "time": 1589592678}}
{"fqoxljm": {"text": "Ugh. I was raised in a similar situation. I just got into a discussion the other day about some of the horrible stories and rules in the Bible. The guy I was talking to didn't believe me until he went home, got his bible out, and read it himself. Specifically, we were talking about the laws regarding slavery and rape in the old testament. This guy is in his 40s, has attended church his entire life, and had no idea what's in the Bible.", "link_id": "t3_gk1bno", "time": 1589527984}}
{"fqowzsj": {"text": "I would say that the point of \"Pride\" movements is to celebrate the struggles and accomplishments of marginalized groups. The whole point of \"Pride\" is that a group who has historically been oppressed, or forced to hide their identity, or even killed, is now able to openly express their identity.", "link_id": "t3_gk0wt9", "time": 1589527434}}
{"fqoutny": {"text": "And domestic dogs. There are hybrids in the Western US that are a cross between dogs, wolves and coyotes. All three species are genetically similar enough to produce fertile offspring, and they seem to be thriving, taking on a lifestyle that is a combination of the three \"parent\" species.", "link_id": "t3_gjon05", "time": 1589525527}}
{"fosly38": {"text": "I am very open to my friends about my mental health, and it has let them be open about their own struggles. I think that's a positive for sure. We all can openly discuss our struggles with each other and feel safe doing so.", "link_id": "t3_g91ye0", "time": 1588033325}}
{"foslhhx": {"text": "Just a thought, but I had some minor side effects I didn't like when I first started Lamictal many years ago, so my doctor split it into two doses and I take it twice a day instead of all at once. It helped a lot. I never experienced what you are talking about, but the side effects I did have subsided a lot after I went to two doses a day.", "link_id": "t3_g9c6q5", "time": 1588033063}}
{"fosl4dl": {"text": "I know someone already mentioned that we aren't here to diagnose, but it might be helpful for you to know that it is extremely common to have BOTH.", "link_id": "t3_g95jzq", "time": 1588032856}}
{"foskyt0": {"text": "My pharmacy sells caps you can put on the bottles that tells you how long it has been since the bottle was last opened. They are advertised as meant for elderly people, but they work great for someone like me with bipolar and adhd too.", "link_id": "t3_g970x8", "time": 1588032766}}
{"foskmn3": {"text": "I usually give meds four to six weeks before I give up on them. The first two weeks, your body is adjusting to them and that's usually when I see the worst of the side effects. After another couple weeks, either the side effects start to subside as you get used to the meds or they stay and you're certain this medication isn't for you. Why would you switch from an antidepressant to and antipsychotic though? Trazodone and Seroquel don't really treat the same symptoms.", "link_id": "t3_g9cfqs", "time": 1588032571}}
{"fosj6pe": {"text": "I worry about it all the time. It's acutally something I talked to my doctor and therapist about. I am 36 and have been on meds since I was 14. I have schizoaffective bipolar disorder. It doesn't have the greatest expected outcomes. Have you talked to your therapist about this stuff?", "link_id": "t3_g96apl", "time": 1588031752}}
{"fllo7qg": {"text": "The icons are Crispy Dark", "link_id": "t3_fpkjl3", "time": 1585264389}}
{"fhw7jqu": {"text": "The Wikipedia article says that they have about 6-8 lbs of milk at a time. I would guess that's between half a gallon and a gallon (a gallon of water weighs eight pounds). That's not bad output for a single milking of an animal that size.", "link_id": "t3_f4sc58", "time": 1581908333}}
{"fhw724r": {"text": "For the record, it's 15% protein and 14% fat. For reference, cow's milk is about 3.5% protein and 4% fat.", "link_id": "t3_f4sc58", "time": 1581907984}}
{"fhw6ua9": {"text": "The hooded seal has a fat content of about 60% in their milk. That has to be even worse.", "link_id": "t3_f4sc58", "time": 1581907830}}
{"feg5ee3": {"text": "Over 200? Hahaha. He killed 6 million Jews and 5 million Gentiles.", "link_id": "t3_eosuo1", "time": 1579077726}}
{"feg57qk": {"text": "Eleven million, actually.", "link_id": "t3_eosuo1", "time": 1579077477}}
{"fcwrxex": {"text": "Looking for servers mainly populated by people at least 21+. LGBTQ+ friendly a must. People in their 30s is even better. Just looking to chat with people closer to my own age, not join a server and then discover that I'm nearly old enough to be everyone's father. Hahaha.", "link_id": "t3_eie8i9", "time": 1578035177}}
{"fcm0llh": {"text": "I don't think I can pick one. Every ornament on my tree means something to me. I don't have any plain ornaments. They're all special. They're a combination of things my kids made, things people bought us, special things we bought to remind us of people or places, etc. My newest ornament was a gift, and I love it. I work with the developmentally disabled, and my wife and I have taken a special interest in one particular guy I work with and he comes over for the holidays and for occasional visits and stuff. He has no family to speak of. I've worked with him for ten years or so. This year he bought a little ornament for us and I love it so much. He knows we like superheroes and picked out a Wonder Woman ornament he saw to give to my wife. He hung it proudly on our tree when he came over for Christmas Eve. It was so wonderful.", "link_id": "t3_ehq2pw", "time": 1577761117}}
{"fcldwe0": {"text": "I take Luvox, Lamictal and Abilify. I've tried all sorts of meds. This is the first cocktail that's worked for me. I'm willing to chat about meds any time. A brief rundown is that I've tried lithium, risperdal, Lexapro, Prozac, buspar, invega, Zoloft... Hahaha. Lithium wasn't for me. I didn't like the constant level checks and risk of liver damage and thirst and shakiness and other side effects. Risperdal made me exhausted all the time. Ugh.", "link_id": "t3_eho6hp", "time": 1577745544}}
{"fclczp4": {"text": "Being honest is definitely one of the most important things you can do at an appointment. Totally honest. Tell them what your symptoms are. All of them. I hid some of my symptoms for a while and it's my biggest regret. I could have been somewhat stable a long time ago if I'd been honest. Docs not gonna think poorly of you. They've heard it all. You're not gonna shock them.", "link_id": "t3_ehra3r", "time": 1577744954}}
{"fclc4c5": {"text": "A black person can be \"racist\" by that definition, but systemic racism against white people isn't a thing. Typically, when people talk about racism, they are talking about pervasive, systemic racism. White people are rarely affected in any meaningful way by the sort of racism this definition implies.", "link_id": "t3_ehsmzt", "time": 1577744396}}
{"fclbofj": {"text": "It tastes like cow's milk but sweeter. Like, the milk that's left over after you eat all your frosted flakes. Lol. I was curious when my wife was breastfeeding and she constantly left the results of her pumping in the fridge.", "link_id": "t3_ehnk1n", "time": 1577744112}}
{"fclb5gk": {"text": "I work with the intellectually disabled population. I've been in the field for 14 years. I've worked with only one person of Chinese descent, and no other Asians. I've often wondered why. There are many Chinese and other Asians in my community, you would think that I would have met them through the various programs I've been in. But I've worked with one autistic Chinese teenager. I asked an Asian friend of mine and he said he thinks it may be a cultural thing. The person I work with now came here from China, and his family was VERY reluctant to accept help from our program. They wanted to raise him and take care of him on their own, and not make a fuss about his care. It was only when he became too difficult to care for at home on their own that they relented. I think that many immigrants from Asia may be of a similar mindset, and rebuff assistance. The family I am familiar with also had very high expectations for their son, and pushed him to the maximum of his ability. He understands both Mandarin and English, and can read and write (he does not use spoken language, but he does use a voice app on his iPad) He is one of the most amazing individuals I work with, who has overcome a lot of disabilities to get where he is today.", "link_id": "t3_ehpv38", "time": 1577743773}}
{"fc12idw": {"text": "Hey. I'd definitely be willing to chat. Sorry I was slow to respond.", "link_id": "t3_cy6eif", "time": 1577306396}}
{"f99743j": {"text": "Fuck what? Lol. I'm confused. Hahaha.", "link_id": "t3_e4dlej", "time": 1575187826}}
{"f98yj3k": {"text": "I'm willing to chat. What's got you down?", "link_id": "t3_e4cw0s", "time": 1575184625}}
{"f98m35d": {"text": "Hey. When I was your age (hahaha, I'm only in my 30s) I fell apart like what you're describing. It will get better. If you want to chat, I'm here. Like I said, I'm a bit older than you but I'm willing to talk about whatever it takes to distract you or whatever.", "link_id": "t3_e4akyq", "time": 1575179983}}
{"f98j4k3": {"text": "Hey! You still looking for someone? Hit me up if you are!", "link_id": "t3_e3v93u", "time": 1575178935}}
{"f98hx3j": {"text": "I would be more than willing to correspond. I grew up in a borderline cult and was devastated by it as a kid. I left as soon as I moved out of my parents house at 18. It was terrible. I'd be willing to share some stuff about how I healed and recovered and what it's like on the other side. Hit me up if you're interested.", "link_id": "t3_e3sbtr", "time": 1575178511}}
{"f98gdqt": {"text": "What's up? I'd love to chat about absolutely anything that interests you!", "link_id": "t3_e499r9", "time": 1575177983}}
{"f98fa1d": {"text": "What's up? 36 M here. I'd love to chat about absolutely anything at all.", "link_id": "t3_e3xt7p", "time": 1575177601}}
{"f982ts3": {"text": "Hey! I'd love to chat! Did you wanna use Reddit chat or something else?", "link_id": "t3_e42564", "time": 1575173277}}
{"f9829nm": {"text": "What's up? I'd love to chat about anything and everything! Hahaha.", "link_id": "t3_e477um", "time": 1575173087}}
{"f981v77": {"text": "Hey! I'd love to chat! What's up?", "link_id": "t3_e495m6", "time": 1575172949}}
{"f8finpi": {"text": "My highest scores are, in order, 4,2,7,9 on pretty much all of the tests. And they are all super high. The other numbers are ridiculously low. Like, the one test rated all four of the numbers I mentioned as above a 90% match, and the others were in the 30s. Hahaha. I'm just brand new to this and didn't expect to see such a close match. And I don't quite understand the arrows thing. Is there some reading you would recommend on the subject?", "link_id": "t3_e0ne4l", "time": 1574544289}}
{"f87dalj": {"text": "I work with autistic kids, and many of them take meds for things like ADHD or ODD or general agitation and aggression, etc. All of them take their meds differently. Some like them in yogurt or applesauce, some take them with water, some swallow them dry. But the kid who puts them in his mouth and chews them is the one who freaks me out a little. Hahaha.", "link_id": "t3_dzc9dm", "time": 1574327279}}
{"f6mbw8m": {"text": "I have four kids and every single one of them has said that they are expected to say the pledge every morning in school. I stated this to someone who posted a meme similar to this one on Facebook, and they didn't believe me. I had a bunch of boomers telling me that I was lying, or delusional, or hadn't actually asked my kids. I was so confused.", "link_id": "t3_drz0oh", "time": 1572970160}}
{"f6k99q7": {"text": "Umm.. Have you read the old testament? Half of it is orders to kill people who worship other gods and practice other religions.", "link_id": "t3_drip3e", "time": 1572907918}}
{"f67cttu": {"text": "There are several apps on the android stores. I know one is called Yazzy that I used to use.", "link_id": "t3_dqm7en", "time": 1572718513}}
{"f672dpm": {"text": "I think others have answered the question, but I just wanted to point out that you will find make nipples in pretty much all mammals except monotremes. Even then, I would suspect you would find something comparable in monotremes.", "link_id": "t3_dqitt6", "time": 1572715925}}
{"f1vqff7": {"text": "\"The Metro Tree\" by Katie Waitman was the first book I read with a bisexual protagonist. It's a really good book.", "link_id": "t3_daqowh", "time": 1569774488}}
{"f1f2xwp": {"text": "That's a hedgehog. Lol.", "link_id": "t3_d8zg5a", "time": 1569435962}}
{"f1bxshf": {"text": "The worst part is that you remain completely aware the entire time. It's a paralytic venom, so you're unable to move, but until your lungs and heart actually stop, you remain conscious. Many people die by drowning after being stung, because they can't swim or signal for help. If you're sting by one when you're out a bit, you're toast. If you're near the beach and there are people who realize what happened, you have a chance, but it's not definite.", "link_id": "t3_d8an8e", "time": 1569345373}}
{"f1a2row": {"text": "I believe the blue ringed octopus is even more lethal than a box jellyfish. I think they're pretty much a death sentence.", "link_id": "t3_d8an8e", "time": 1569283933}}
{"f0vvzyi": {"text": "Planning on visiting a church this coming Sunday. It's not a UU church, it's Episcopalian, but I'm trying something new. I miss church and the feelings of community that go along woth being part of it. If it doesn't click, I'm driving out to the UU church (it's farther away, and there's only one in the area). Anyone have any experience with something like the Episcopalian church? I'm an agnostic seeker, looking to experience something holy.", "link_id": "t3_d6txac", "time": 1568993133}}
{"f0t7f5o": {"text": "http://www.filmsforaction.org/articles/touch-isolation-how-homophobia-has-robbed-all-men-of-touch/", "link_id": "t3_d6f22q", "time": 1568917220}}
{"f0t7dxm": {"text": "http://www.filmsforaction.org/articles/touch-isolation-how-homophobia-has-robbed-all-men-of-touch/", "link_id": "t3_d6awck", "time": 1568917202}}
{"f0nn3ua": {"text": "I'm actually reading a book by Spong right now! \"Jesus for the Nonreligious\". I'm really enjoying it. I also have been pointed to Richard Rohr as a good read. I've also read Karen Armstrong and thoroughly enjoyed her books.", "link_id": "t3_d5pzjt", "time": 1568774529}}
{"ezrlufp": {"text": "I would live to chat! How would you want to chat? I'm up for anything but snail mail for now. Maybe eventually we could send each other stuff, but I'd prefer we wait for that. About me: bi male with NB tendencies, looking to chat with anyone about everything and anything.", "link_id": "t3_d1y5ud", "time": 1568075663}}
{"ezni58f": {"text": "Welcome! It feels good to be our authentic selves for sure!", "link_id": "t3_d1jzw0", "time": 1568006300}}
{"ezngh6b": {"text": "I grew up in a church associated with the Hyles and Schaap. They were all awful people. I'm sorry you went through that. Do you still go to church? Are you still a believer? I left the church when I moved out at 17 and am only recently looking at finding a home church again, nearly 20 years later. (I'm 36). I don't know what I believe. I was hurt a lot by the church. I hope you found peace.", "link_id": "t3_d1ed24", "time": 1568005594}}
{"ezn95ch": {"text": "Males in other mammalian species DO have nipples. It's well known why, it has to do with fetal development and sex characteristics.", "link_id": "t3_d1fedo", "time": 1568002606}}
{"eywlg6c": {"text": "I'm bisexual, and bipolar. When I am manic, I am more into same sex stuff, and when I'm depressed, more opposite sex stuff. I've always wondered if other people experienced the same thing.", "link_id": "t3_cyyyjp", "time": 1567532201}}
{"eyvz9gq": {"text": "Hey. I have schizoaffective bipolar disorder, and I'm willing to talk. Send me a chat or PM if you still need to talk. I get the struggle.", "link_id": "t3_cz15z6", "time": 1567516569}}
{"eyvxt49": {"text": "She was the assistant/interning pastor at Amherst when I met her. But I email her from time to time about spiritual stuff, amd she told me she's going to be preaching/teaching at Hamburg once or twice a month as of this last Sunday. I'm not sure what her actual title will be now. She's at the very beginning of the ordination process I think. I met her because she did my vow renewal this past April for our 15th wedding anniversary (we married at 21, so I was a very young groom), amd the minister at Amherst used to be the minister at my local church so I asked her to do the service but she couldn't and asked if I wanted to meet her assistant pastor. Lol. It was ridiculous. I didn't care of a religious person did the service, but my family was making a big deal about it and I figured it would make them happy, so I did it. It wasn't worth explaining my complicated views on God to them just because of that.", "link_id": "t3_cwa9qj", "time": 1567515300}}
{"eyvw64f": {"text": "I'm actually talking to a pastor associated with the Amherst and Hamburg churches. She's great. Have you tried either of those churches?", "link_id": "t3_cwa9qj", "time": 1567513789}}
{"eyu4mu6": {"text": "I feel similarly. I, for several years, have called myself agnostic or even atheist but have always felt a longing to be in touch with something ineffable and holy. I long for the ecstasy of the mystics. I have recently begun reading books by spiritual authors and have longed to return to some sort of community. I have trauma in my past, even trauma from the church, but I desperately want to feel like I belong. I have been looking at the Quakers and at the UU church, and feel like I could imagine myself in one of them as a worshiper. I just want to feel a connection to something holy and transcendent. Is that too much to ask?", "link_id": "t3_cys16c", "time": 1567452883}}
{"eyroq9t": {"text": "We have a few places we have been chatting, but the main discussion for now is through email. We may decide as a group to move to something like WhatsApp or something like that as a better platform for discussion. But I have a Facebook page and a blog about it, as well as sending out emails routinely. We do have a WhatsApp group, but things have been pretty quiet there. So far email has been most active.", "link_id": "t3_cu8f5o", "time": 1567374173}}
{"eyr52x9": {"text": "Send me a message and we can chat about anything you want to talk about", "link_id": "t3_cxx7cp", "time": 1567360949}}
{"eyqwcu8": {"text": "I'm currently reading a book by John Shelby Spong. He's a progressive Christian who teaches some really cool stuff about the historicity of Jesus and the actual meaning of scripture. He's a great author. He's making it so I can call myself both spiritual and an agnostic/atheist. Lol.", "link_id": "t3_cwa9qj", "time": 1567355218}}
{"eyq3b2d": {"text": "I have schizoaffective bipolar disorder. Approx 0.5% of the US population has it.", "link_id": "t3_cy1sn0", "time": 1567322706}}
{"eyq2w8v": {"text": "How do you prefer to chat? I'm up for some talkin'. Lol. 36 M NY", "link_id": "t3_cxx7cp", "time": 1567322098}}
{"eyq2sm5": {"text": "I'd love to chat. Do you prefer Reddit chat or messages? I don't really have anyone to talk to about this stuff.", "link_id": "t3_cwp2w5", "time": 1567321955}}
{"eyq17nu": {"text": "I'm so jealous. I wish I was brave enough to do this. My wife doesn't understand the \"glitter in my beard\" urges I have sometimes, and I rarely discuss it with her, or with anyone. I'm only at the beginning of exploring my gender issues in my mid 30s. I've always struggled with gender norms, but have only recently become distressed about it to the point that I feel like if I don't do something, I'm gonna crack.", "link_id": "t3_cwp2w5", "time": 1567319751}}
{"eyq0o64": {"text": "I'm sorry no one responded to your post. Maybe they inboxed you. I hope so. I'm in a similar boat. I wish there were more spaces to figure out gender issues without judgement. I am also AMAB and struggling with non-binary issues. Like, I want to feel beautiful, but in a \"glitter in my beard\" way. I don't want to be a woman, but I want to be something other than a traditional male. I have a thing about wanting to wear dresses and gowns and just feel beautiful. I make playlists of songs by empowered women and sing along and feel like an empowered woman myself. I don't know. It's hard out here. My wife doesn't understand at all, and I don't really have anyone to talk to about this stuff. I'm willing to chat if you want to figure this out in a nonjudgmental space with me.", "link_id": "t3_cwb4l7", "time": 1567319028}}
{"eypzv56": {"text": "Hey! You're having the same problem I am and you're not that far away! I'm about an hour or so south of Buffalo, and we have just one UU here.I haven't visited yet, but I followed their Facebook page and it looks like everyone is old enough to be my parent (I'm in my mid 30s). I see no young faces. I actually know some people from the Amherst UU church, and they are lovely. I'm sad to hear it's not any better in the city. Ugh. I long for a community of faith but not dogma, and I think the UU church is right for me. But I hesitate to visit because I don't want to be the youngest member by 20 years. If you want to chat, I'd love to talk spirituality with a fellow seeker from WNY!", "link_id": "t3_cwa9qj", "time": 1567317969}}
{"eypz0mb": {"text": "Did a Baptist seriously just talk about ecumenical ideas, pro-lgbt ideas, and respecting the sacredness of native people's lands? A Baptist? Really? I'm honestly shocked to see this in a Baptist publication. I grew up Baptist, and they weren't friendly to any of those things. I'm honestly confused how this guy makes it in the denomination. What branch of Baptist is this?", "link_id": "t3_cxyyfc", "time": 1567316890}}
{"eymd708": {"text": "I routinely go to water parks, amusement parks, trampoline parks, out to eat, to the playground and parks and outdoor areas of all kinds, and all kinds of fun stuff. I work with autistic kids in a group home. They all come here with challenging behaviors their families didn't know how to deal with. It's my job to help teach them how to stay calm and then go do fun stuff out and about all over the place to keep them active and happy. It's a very rewarding job.", "link_id": "t3_cxh438", "time": 1567205773}}
{"ey3og6w": {"text": "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iGaaLGlRVHsxFW0TaShqQVO2SDm_pBweQGwoFKj_0QI/edit?usp=drivesdk", "link_id": "t3_cu8f5o", "time": 1566769540}}
{"ey3o94a": {"text": "If you want to be part of the \"book club\", send me your email and I can forward you some stuff.", "link_id": "t3_ctbi5t", "time": 1566769400}}
{"exv3bge": {"text": "Pm me your email and I'll add you to the list and send you some stuff", "link_id": "t3_cu8f5o", "time": 1566591965}}
{"extr8c8": {"text": "Pm me your email and I will send you some stuff to start and add you to the list", "link_id": "t3_cu0rd9", "time": 1566573578}}
{"exsows4": {"text": "Pm me your email and I can add you and send you the stuff", "link_id": "t3_cu0rd9", "time": 1566552042}}
{"exsnxqe": {"text": "Pm me your email.", "link_id": "t3_cu0rd9", "time": 1566551131}}
{"exqvyss": {"text": "Send me your email on a pm. I'll send you a PDF or epub of the book I'm reading and the book I plan on starting after that.", "link_id": "t3_cu0rd9", "time": 1566507834}}
{"exqemz0": {"text": "Hey. If you're still interested in this, pm me your email", "link_id": "t3_ctbmkd", "time": 1566501374}}
{"exq5nn7": {"text": "I have some of ebooks and could send you some of them for free in an email.", "link_id": "t3_cu0rd9", "time": 1566498199}}
{"exp3hfz": {"text": "I'm still looking for a couple other people. You're the first to respond. Lol.", "link_id": "t3_ctbmkd", "time": 1566485448}}
{"evojcy5": {"text": "I came home one time and thought my cat was fighting with a black cat. Nope. Looked closer and realized it was a HUGE black squirrel.", "link_id": "t3_ckd8o3", "time": 1564648117}}
{"eueq5o5": {"text": "I have schizoaffective bipolar disorder, and when I get hypomanic, I'm creative as hell. Right now I'm working on woven jewelry and a journal and a blog and reading books that stimulate my brain and doing great. When I'm depressed, the creativity dies down a lot.", "link_id": "t3_cg4c6n", "time": 1563750883}}
{"eubmw25": {"text": "I take Abilify (aripaprazole). I love it. It makes me a little restless,so I'm constantly tapping my toes or drumming my fingers, but other than that I've had no issues.", "link_id": "t3_cff8j2", "time": 1563651925}}
{"eu2bq32": {"text": "I LOooooVE abilify. It helps me with the mood swings and psychosis, while having a better side effect profile than most of the other AAP meds I've tried. It does cause me to have a mild thing where I feel like I need to move all the time, but it's nothing ridiculous in my case. If it's too bothersome, you can take Cogentin to stop the side effects.", "link_id": "t3_ce1o4q", "time": 1563386630}}
{"esh6tfg": {"text": "The Amish around me don't own modern technology, but they'll use it. Like, they don't have a phone in their homes, but they'll borrow a phone if they need to. They don't own cars, but they'll accept a ride in one. But they use all the old methods of building and farming. No modern equipment. So it depends on the type or denomination of Amish. They vary a lot.", "link_id": "t3_c7noxf", "time": 1561984445}}
{"esg4hmt": {"text": "I have schizoaffective disorder, and I worry all the time about the progression of the disease. However, some research suggests that early treatment of symptoms slows the progression of the disease. Some science shows that pathways of a sort are created by each episode, making the next episode easier to happen in a way, and can worsen symptoms as these pathways become more fixed. Basically, if you're on meds right now that treat your symptoms mostly, your disorder might not worsen as much. Also, come on over to  and hang out if you want. The people there are always willing to help and listen. If you want to chat more, feel free to shoot me a message. I'm here anytime", "link_id": "t3_c7ln24", "time": 1561942934}}
{"ese94rr": {"text": "Bullockornis, also known as The Demon Duck. It was a meat eating terror bird with a head the size of a horses head, and it's closest living relatives are ducks and geese.", "link_id": "t3_c776fy", "time": 1561888052}}
{"esakjxy": {"text": "https://youtu.be/N8k-40cKd2o", "link_id": "t3_c6m1pq", "time": 1561761774}}
{"esakeeq": {"text": "What about music? Some music makes me feel that way too. Lately it's been Gillian Welch that makes me feel that way. I love her voice and style.", "link_id": "t3_c6m1pq", "time": 1561761668}}
{"esa2vxo": {"text": "Hey. Up for email? Today's my birthday and I could use a new friend. Turned 36 today. Blah. I write a blog where I share stuff I write and could definitely use some input on some of it. If you're interested, dm me.", "link_id": "t3_c6ke4h", "time": 1561750278}}
{"es9r8p7": {"text": "I always feel better after going through the forests around my house. I live near both a nature preserve and a national Forest. Going to either and just walking and looking and taking my time there makes me feel whole again.", "link_id": "t3_c6m1pq", "time": 1561742690}}
{"es9gxf6": {"text": "I take abilify and it helps a lot. 2 mg is nothing. I take 10 mg right now.", "link_id": "t3_c60vsa", "time": 1561735965}}
{"es9goke": {"text": "Would you ever be interested in posting any of your content on a blog? I share the things I write during episodes (both depression and mania) on a blog and would love to share something you've written some time.", "link_id": "t3_c669ak", "time": 1561735804}}
{"es8i08r": {"text": "I'll listen. DM me. I understand where you're at.", "link_id": "t3_c6em4j", "time": 1561698627}}
{"es8d1hx": {"text": "You couldn't pay me enough to take depakote. Lol. I work with kids who take it and they are always having problems with it.", "link_id": "t3_c5b85k", "time": 1561693940}}
{"es8cri0": {"text": "Yes. It's definitely possible to be overmedicated. It sucks. But talk to your doc about the way you're feeling before you do anything. Don't taper or quit your meds without input from a medical professional.", "link_id": "t3_c6516b", "time": 1561693703}}
{"es89aqf": {"text": "https://flatfootedandfeathered.wordpress.com/", "link_id": "t3_c6eaz0", "time": 1561690958}}
{"es88pou": {"text": "I'm glad it made you smile. I'm having a rough time too. Hope things get better for both of us.", "link_id": "t3_c6eaz0", "time": 1561690543}}
{"es88nmk": {"text": "I'm not having a very good day, actually. But thanks for the wishes. Lol. I'm heading into a mixed episode at the moment. I saw someone earlier refer to it as \"black mania\" and thought that was strange. I actually am working on this poem though. It's a work in progress. I'm planning on posting the finished product to my blog at some point.", "link_id": "t3_c6eaz0", "time": 1561690503}}
{"es87y9x": {"text": "Well... I called off work for tomorrow. Taking some time to heal is important. I work with autistic kids and tend to pick up overtime that brings me to over 50 hours a week, so when I get like this, work can be impossible. I also keep in close contact with my doc and her nurse so that maybe if I need a med adjustment, it can happen. I get bad episodes every couple years, most of the time things are pretty mild. A lot of it is about knowing yourself, your triggers, and when things are too much and being able to say \"No\" to something overwhelming if you have to. It's tricky, but I manage to keep in control most of the time. I also write and blog to share stuff going on with me. It's a fairly anonymous blog on WordPress, so lots of people I don't even know read it. Lol. Plus my friends who have the link read it. It's very therapeutic for me to get my thoughts out on paper or the web. It took a lot of work with a therapist to learn coping skills. Do you see someone?", "link_id": "t3_c6e2s9", "time": 1561690031}}
{"es86wk3": {"text": "I don't take vraylar, I take abilify, but from what I know about antipsychotic medications, they are fairly similar in their profiles. Give it a week or two before you see real, concrete changes. After three or four weeks, it should be having FULL effect, and if it isn't doing the job, the dose may need changed. Vraylar is a fairly new med, and has fewer side effects than older meds. But all antipsychotics have side effects. Check out the drugs.com site for a full profile of the med. Don't panic just because a side effect is there, and if your partner is the paranoid type, maybe don't share right away, just observe and monitor. The most common side effects of antipsychotic medications is weight gain and changes in sleep. Some make you sleepy, some keep you awake. (Risperidone made me exhausted, abilify makes me more alert if anything) I am happily married and would be willing to chat about what things my wife does to help me through episodes if you want. Also, your SO should have one or two people who he makes some sort of plan with about the darkest depression days and suicidal thoughts. I have two friends who also struggle with mental illness and all of us have sworn to reach out before we act on urges to harm ourselves. Having a crisis plan is good too. You can find various forms and sites on crisis plans and create one that works for you and your partner. Also, and this is just me, but maybe it will help your partner, I have a folder on my phone titled \"Why\" where I keep pics and files of stuff that reminds me of good times. Pics of my kids and pets and family and friends, PDFs of some of my favorite things I've written, screenshots of text messages from people saying they love me, whatever helps. I browse though it when things get bad. It doesn't have to be on your phone either. My friend has a physical box where he keeps printed photos and ticket stubs and notes and stuff. Just something to remind your partner of why life is worth sticking around for. I'm more than willing to chat more about this.", "link_id": "t3_c6e1jx", "time": 1561689313}}
{"es856cq": {"text": "I love abilify. Abilify is bae. Lol. I lost some (but not all) of the weight from risperidone after I switched to abilify. It does make me a bit restless, but it's manageable for me. I take 10 mg. It doesn't make me noticeably sleepy, but I know it does do that to some people. If you aren't happy with the effects, I would wait another week and then call your doc and say you want something else. I always give new meds at least two weeks before I give up on them.", "link_id": "t3_c6cb3l", "time": 1561688127}}
{"es84rf9": {"text": "That's exactly where I am right now. Racing thoughts about awful things and depressive themes, sleeplessness and restlessness, agitation, irritability... It's like a thousand angry hornets buzzing in my brain.", "link_id": "t3_c6e2s9", "time": 1561687841}}
{"erv2f60": {"text": "This is dad. Lol. Not sure why you assumed I was the mom. Mom is also very involved though. We are both frustrated.", "link_id": "t3_c3vves", "time": 1561304527}}
{"errdgtj": {"text": "When I was a kid, my cat had a similar operation. He had severe recurring kidney stones, and apparently females can pass them easier than males so they basically did a sex change operation so that his urethra would be shorter and wider, like a female cat's. It was crazy when the vet suggested it. I've never known another person who had this done to a cat.", "link_id": "t3_c3gj94", "time": 1561167288}}
{"eql6kxk": {"text": "You sound fascinating. I'd love to talk.", "link_id": "t3_bysoqv", "time": 1560138132}}
{"eql1z85": {"text": "I'm 35, so not as young as you, but I'd be willing to chat.", "link_id": "t3_byqv4t", "time": 1560135567}}
{"eql0pu7": {"text": "You sound like a cool dude", "link_id": "t3_byqv4t", "time": 1560134906}}
{"eqkzztb": {"text": "Hey I'm up for a chat.", "link_id": "t3_byse4i", "time": 1560134525}}
{"eqkzjyd": {"text": "I'm on the weight loss journey myself. I was recently diagnosed with type two diabetes and it was a wake up call. I was eating and drinking Tom's of sugar and have had to cut a lot of it out. I'm a month in and already lost twelve pounds! I'm using an app to track my calories and blood sugars, and it's working so far. Congrats to you!", "link_id": "t3_bypxkv", "time": 1560134302}}
{"eqkvv00": {"text": "Hey. What's up? I'd be willing to email or chat or whatever.", "link_id": "t3_bxu1mn", "time": 1560132225}}
{"eqkvpz4": {"text": "Hey. I'd love to email. Maybe send some stuff when we get to know each other better.", "link_id": "t3_by4gy0", "time": 1560132136}}
{"eqkv63q": {"text": "Hey. What's up? I'm up for chatting throughout the day most days. Send me a message if you want to chat.", "link_id": "t3_byq61a", "time": 1560131808}}
{"eqbqq20": {"text": "Honestly, I would talk to the doc about a less sedating med. I, as a grown ass man, in my 30s, was having accidents in bed on risperdal. It's a hell of a drug. There are less sedating options out there.", "link_id": "t3_bxxynh", "time": 1559953945}}
{"eqbpoop": {"text": "Risperdal worked for my manic episodes and delusions and stuff, but I had to take it at night because it made me feel exhausted. I switched to abilify recently and the tiredness isn't much of an issue on this med. Every person is different and how they react to a med can vary wildly. Risperdal is an old med, and it's cheap so it's where they start a lot of times. But it's not the only one out there, and if she has side effects she doesn't like, make sure she tries something else instead of quitting. I know sometimes it's frustrating to have to search for the right meds, but they're out there. Not sure if you're insurance covers it, but I work with kids who have psych problems, and sometimes they will do gene testing to see what meds should be avoided and which would be effective if they're having a hard time with finding a good balance. Some people can take tons of risperdal and feel fine, others are like me and feel drained on a fairly small dose. (I was taking 2 mg a day and couldn't function on it some days, but I work with a kid who takes 6 mg a day and isn't tired at all. It's crazy)", "link_id": "t3_bxxb45", "time": 1559953028}}
{"epngd9b": {"text": "What's up? 35 M here. Hit me up. Lol", "link_id": "t3_bvagdy", "time": 1559327016}}
{"epndfkv": {"text": "I'll chat!", "link_id": "t3_bv7qfg", "time": 1559325661}}
{"epgizj8": {"text": "A psychiatrist prescribes my meds. I'm planning on talking to her at my next appointment.", "link_id": "t3_bui7ob", "time": 1559214144}}
{"epdjeeg": {"text": "I'm actually seeing a diabetes educator next week to go over diet options and better control ideas. I'm also talking to my doctor about looking at options for adjusting my antipsychotic to see if a different med or different dose is possible while still controlling my symptoms. It's frustrating for sure.", "link_id": "t3_bui7ob", "time": 1559167417}}
{"emkwo46": {"text": "No. She died of a drug overdose.", "link_id": "t3_bkyhsx", "time": 1557084998}}
{"ekjvwh4": {"text": "Chick I went to high school with is antivaxx, and she's a fucking nurse.", "link_id": "t3_bblggp", "time": 1554909097}}
{"ekfe2vj": {"text": "Pretty sure it's a camel, not an elephant. Unless that's a translation I'm unfamiliar with?", "link_id": "t3_baxmyb", "time": 1554764192}}
{"ekai9z3": {"text": "Dude. What is your malfunction? A simple google search brings up hundreds of stories and sources about it. It\u2019s not like it\u2019s something obscure and I need to dig for an article.", "link_id": "t3_b8yl3y", "time": 1554606637}}
{"ek9pkex": {"text": "MAVNI is suspended. Thats the program being discussed. ", "link_id": "t3_b8yl3y", "time": 1554582007}}
{"ek9o7kd": {"text": "I'm sorry, it should say 2017. 2016 was the last time it was available. Trump suspended the program for new recruits and is currently kicking out recruits who were already enlisted prior to 2017. ", "link_id": "t3_b8yl3y", "time": 1554580822}}
{"ek9jo87": {"text": "If you read my response later, I clarified that it was initially started after 9/11. It was then suspended by Bush and then reimplemented and expanded by Obama. And it was discontinued in 2016 by Trump. ", "link_id": "t3_b8yl3y", "time": 1554576982}}
{"ek21sme": {"text": "I think it started after 9/11, but Obama widened the program. Under Bush, it was mainly used to recruit translators. It was a thing he really pushed. I'll have to dig up the article I read about it. Basically, the program we had was started by Dubya, then Obama expanded it and pushed it hard, so since it has Obama's stamp pf approval, Trump is stomping on it. Lol", "link_id": "t3_b8yl3y", "time": 1554327625}}
{"ek1ui77": {"text": "Just watched something the other day about this. It was an Obama program. Trump fucked with it and I don't think it's going on anymore. ", "link_id": "t3_b8yl3y", "time": 1554322765}}
{"ejj468c": {"text": "My home depot has a gorilla glue double sided tape that i used for a similar project", "link_id": "t3_b68qwi", "time": 1553726194}}
{"ej5etn6": {"text": "I only recently found out they were saying it everyday. I saw a meme saying they didn't say it in school anymore and asked. All my kids said they say it. It's standard in schools around the country and unless a kid wants to start something and be labeled a trouble maker, they just go with it. ", "link_id": "t3_b473nm", "time": 1553289752}}
{"ej59f49": {"text": "My kids say it every day. I live in Western NY", "link_id": "t3_b473nm", "time": 1553286340}}
{"ej2o3x0": {"text": "Send me your email and I can send you an invite through WordPress", "link_id": "t3_b3kewo", "time": 1553205463}}
{"ej2442l": {"text": "https://sectsdrumsrockandroll.wordpress.com/", "link_id": "t3_b3kggn", "time": 1553192598}}
{"ej235pw": {"text": "I think I emailed you. Did you get it? ", "link_id": "t3_b3kkcz", "time": 1553192016}}
{"ej225nm": {"text": "Message me your email and I can send you the link to the blog and how to sign up", "link_id": "t3_b3tpqw", "time": 1553191403}}
{"ej1z406": {"text": "Send me your email", "link_id": "t3_b3ligb", "time": 1553189573}}
{"ej1ytr3": {"text": "Send me your email.", "link_id": "t3_b3kkcz", "time": 1553189406}}
{"ej1clj3": {"text": "Send me your email! ", "link_id": "t3_b3kggn", "time": 1553175787}}
{"ej14afu": {"text": "Send me your email if you want to share things. I'm looking for opinion pieces, readings, contemplations, current events perspectives, etc. ", "link_id": "t3_b3kggn", "time": 1553168500}}
{"ej13vwk": {"text": "Send me your email and I can send you the info", "link_id": "t3_b3kewo", "time": 1553168060}}
{"ej124d0": {"text": "Send me your email! ", "link_id": "t3_b3ligb", "time": 1553166001}}
{"ej0h4dd": {"text": "On WordPress, you can add authors who can make their own posts on the blog with their own signature. I'm looking for authors who want to share their thoughts on a blog that is shared by other writers, of varied backgrounds and beliefs. ", "link_id": "t3_b3kkcz", "time": 1553138857}}
{"ej0g8n0": {"text": "Send me your email if you're serious about contributing", "link_id": "t3_b3kkcz", "time": 1553138111}}
{"ej0g70p": {"text": "I just need your email. Lol", "link_id": "t3_b3kkcz", "time": 1553138071}}
{"ej0d1rm": {"text": "Why so angry? ", "link_id": "t3_b3kggn", "time": 1553135504}}
{"ej0czut": {"text": "You would need to get a WordPress account and send me the details so I could add you as a contributor", "link_id": "t3_b3kkcz", "time": 1553135462}}
{"ej0auh5": {"text": "You would need to set up an account with WordPress.com and let me know either your username or your email ", "link_id": "t3_b3kggn", "time": 1553133804}}
{"ej0akfi": {"text": "At WordPress, you can be totally anonymous. ", "link_id": "t3_b3kggn", "time": 1553133591}}
{"ej09mxa": {"text": "You would have to sign up for a WordPress account, which just requires an email address, and then I would be able to add you as a contributor. ", "link_id": "t3_b3kkcz", "time": 1553132891}}
{"ej09ftd": {"text": "That would be amazing! ", "link_id": "t3_b3kkcz", "time": 1553132749}}
{"ej0118q": {"text": "I'm a bit older than you (35), but I'd be willing to chat about stuff. I have schizoaffective bipolar disorder, and am familiar with depression and crisis plans and have talked many people through dark moments. I can use whatever format you want to talk. PM me if you want to talk. ", "link_id": "t3_b3fuu0", "time": 1553126538}}
{"eizujnq": {"text": "Hello! I'd love to talk. I can use whatever. ", "link_id": "t3_b3ia9q", "time": 1553121968}}
{"eizlups": {"text": "Hahaha. I have the problem where they disappear on me after a day or two for the most part. I'd love to talk. I'm 35. If you read through my post history, you will see my gender and location probably. And you'll find out I struggle with my mental health. But I'm okay right now. But I'd love to chat! Hit me up if you're interested (not just OP either, anyone who reads this is welcome to PM me).", "link_id": "t3_b3ge3u", "time": 1553116299}}
{"eixgupu": {"text": "Hey buddy. Don't give up. I have schizoaffective bipolar disorder, with wild mood swings and disordered thoughts and hallucinations and delusions. And they figured out how to help me. I'm pretty stable now. Life is better for me. It takes work, which I know sounds impossible right now, but it can get better. I'm here if you want to talk. ", "link_id": "t3_b35h6r", "time": 1553048076}}
{"eisnoxf": {"text": "I'm not in Florida, but I'd be an online friend. ", "link_id": "t3_b2go0k", "time": 1552909709}}
{"eismndr": {"text": "I don't think it's your place to say anything. I'm happily married to a woman but about half the porn i watch is gay porn. I'm bisexual. Lol. My wife has never asked about my porn habits, and I don't know if I'd feel comfortable sharing some of the stranger stuff. Porn is about fantasy and not about reality. Maybe your dad is bi and curious. Maybe he has a fantasy but considers himself straight. I don't know and neither do you. Lol. And asking your dad wouldn't help anything if you ask me. And telling mom would possibly make things more difficult between them if they are having problems. I wouldn't do anything at all if I were you. ", "link_id": "t3_b2euxl", "time": 1552908474}}
{"eism0st": {"text": "I have a round face with soft features. People always told me I had a baby face. I don't hear that anymore with a beard. I like that. ", "link_id": "t3_b2g1nh", "time": 1552907692}}
{"eiozsja": {"text": "35/M/US here. Would love to email back and forth with you. Willing to chat about anything and everything. Message me and we can exchange emails. ", "link_id": "t3_b1w1y5", "time": 1552777625}}
{"eioyw4h": {"text": "How do you want to chat? On here? I have Kik too? I'm a 35 M too. ", "link_id": "t3_b1wq0k", "time": 1552776900}}
{"eioyr80": {"text": "What's up? How do you want to chat? I can chat on here or on Kik if you're interested", "link_id": "t3_b1xwc8", "time": 1552776790}}
{"eioe1oa": {"text": "I'd love to talk! ", "link_id": "t3_b1tiws", "time": 1552760523}}
{"eio5kho": {"text": "I'm good. I just got back from lunch and I'm messing around for a few minutes before I get back to work. Lol", "link_id": "t3_b1ntng", "time": 1552754161}}
{"einxkax": {"text": "I'm willing to talk. Send me a message if you're interested. ", "link_id": "t3_b1t0b9", "time": 1552748191}}
{"einx3tq": {"text": "Yup I am. Lol", "link_id": "t3_b1rhpa", "time": 1552747823}}
{"einx2bm": {"text": "What's up? I'm down for friendly chat if you want to talk to a dude. Lol", "link_id": "t3_b1rulk", "time": 1552747790}}
{"einoc3f": {"text": "What's up? I'm willing to chat! ", "link_id": "t3_b1rtov", "time": 1552739736}}
{"einkucd": {"text": "Me! Lol", "link_id": "t3_b1r8sr", "time": 1552734780}}
{"einisn5": {"text": "Still looking for someone to chat with? ", "link_id": "t3_b1qkyv", "time": 1552731481}}
{"ein2fay": {"text": "What's up? I'll chat with you! ", "link_id": "t3_b1ntng", "time": 1552708426}}
{"ein18z0": {"text": "Hey! I'd love to chat! ", "link_id": "t3_b1o1uf", "time": 1552707277}}
{"eimu4ti": {"text": "My dogs are afraid of cats and kittens too. We fostered a couple kittens two years ago and one of the kittens was obsessed with the dogs. She would go in their kennels and lay on them and we would find the dogs shaking and quaking in fear and whimpering under the kitten. My small dog weighs 55 pounds and the bigger one weighs 75. And they were terrified of two pound kittens. It was ridiculous. ", "link_id": "t3_b1kosg", "time": 1552700842}}
{"eimss40": {"text": "I'll chat! ", "link_id": "t3_b1mau6", "time": 1552699674}}
{"eimjqcl": {"text": "What's up? ", "link_id": "t3_b1kl8n", "time": 1552692177}}
{"eimjloa": {"text": "I'll talk. Send me a message and we'll figure out how we want to chat", "link_id": "t3_b1jzpm", "time": 1552692073}}
{"eimh0n0": {"text": "Hey! Sounds like you have the same job as me! That's awesome. I hate having to explain to people what exactly I do for a living. ", "link_id": "t3_b1j9ua", "time": 1552690030}}
{"eimdk2b": {"text": "Hey! I'm a 35 M from the US and would love to email you! Send me a message if you want to exchange email addresses! ", "link_id": "t3_b1jjpo", "time": 1552687385}}
{"eimd8kn": {"text": "I'll chat! I'm a little older than you, but I have plenty of friends your age. Lol. I'm 35. ", "link_id": "t3_b1kqs4", "time": 1552687145}}
{"eimaj8p": {"text": "I hate bloodwork so much. I would be pissed if my doctor did that to me. ", "link_id": "t3_b1k3as", "time": 1552685133}}
{"eilsti1": {"text": "What's up? I'll chat! ", "link_id": "t3_b1hd0h", "time": 1552673417}}
{"eilng9o": {"text": "I'd love to talk more! About whatever you want! Send me your details and we can email or message or something", "link_id": "t3_b161yy", "time": 1552669963}}
{"eil9ytq": {"text": "Im up to chat. Send me a message and we can exchange numbers or something. I live in NY", "link_id": "t3_b1e97y", "time": 1552661062}}
{"eil9ts5": {"text": "What's up? I can chat on and off throughout the day and night. Lol. I'm in the US. Have down time at work a lot and get bored. ", "link_id": "t3_b1ej44", "time": 1552660964}}
{"eil7mj3": {"text": "I'd love to chat! Send me a chat or message or whatever you prefer and let me know what's up", "link_id": "t3_b19r4y", "time": 1552659438}}
{"eik63s7": {"text": "Hey, friend. You seem unhappy. I'm sorry. I wish I could make you feel better. Have you talked to anyone about these feelings? Is there a chance this is depression talking and you're feeling worse about things because of that? Part of me hopes so, because I don't want there to be a town where everyone dislikes someone to the point you are describing. If you want to talk, I'm available a lot of hours of the day and night and I'm always willing to listen and/or talk. ", "link_id": "t3_b194rv", "time": 1552616299}}
{"eik5q00": {"text": "Hey! What's up? I'm willing to chat about whatever! ", "link_id": "t3_b18bt2", "time": 1552615989}}
{"eijsjti": {"text": "So last week I had a dream that I was a tutor at the local college, and one of my students was a coyote. Not an anthropomorphic version of a coyote or anything. A standard coyote. I was helping him in his English class, because he was an ESL student. His first language was Japanese. It was a strange dream. ", "link_id": "t3_b161yy", "time": 1552605804}}
{"eijrse2": {"text": "Hey. What's up? I'd love to email you. 35M here.", "link_id": "t3_b16nvk", "time": 1552605243}}
{"eijrfg6": {"text": "What's up? I could use a message once in a while. Lol", "link_id": "t3_b10u4l", "time": 1552604968}}
{"eijnj68": {"text": "What's up? ", "link_id": "t3_b157ru", "time": 1552602101}}
{"eijnh0p": {"text": "What's up? Still at work? I'm at work for a couple more hours and bored to tears. Lol", "link_id": "t3_b13x8t", "time": 1552602058}}
{"eijnect": {"text": "Hey! What's up! I'm willing to chat about anything! Hit me up! ", "link_id": "t3_b15hax", "time": 1552602004}}
{"eijnae3": {"text": "This sounds interesting. Hit me up. ", "link_id": "t3_b167rg", "time": 1552601929}}
{"eijn7w1": {"text": "Hey! What's up? I'm willing to chat. I'm up to talk about anything. I'm a 35 M from NY. Married, kids, job and all that. Lol. I love music and concerts of all kinds, but not much country. I'm not a gamer really, I play a few classics when I'm with friends but that's about it. Hit me up, either in chat or a message", "link_id": "t3_b16jm7", "time": 1552601880}}
{"eijakqx": {"text": "I'm sorry you feel like you need to stay closeted. I know how painful hiding such an important aspect of yourself can be. If you wanna message me, I'd be willing to chat about just about anything. My wife's dad was Middle Eastern. He was from Lebanon. He passed away a few years back and never got to meet my kids. I would have loved it if he had been able to teach them about his culture. Maybe you could share something with me that I could share with them. I'm not sure what area of the middle East you are from. Message me if you're interested in chatting. ", "link_id": "t3_b13xlr", "time": 1552593692}}
{"eij7h33": {"text": "35 M from the other side of NY here. I live out by Buffalo. I'm willing to talk about just about anything, and am available just about any time. I'd love to exchange emails. ", "link_id": "t3_b111my", "time": 1552591780}}
{"eihrffo": {"text": "I can chat on whatever. I don\u2019t have discord though", "link_id": "t3_b0wrlv", "time": 1552546202}}
{"eihr92d": {"text": "Lol. I\u2019ve been having this problem, last night I got four hours of sleep ", "link_id": "t3_b0wrlv", "time": 1552545939}}
{"eihr37n": {"text": "Should be sleeping. Can\u2019t sleep. Lol.", "link_id": "t3_b0wrlv", "time": 1552545701}}
{"eihqzww": {"text": "What\u2019s up? I\u2019m willing to chat about whatever, whenever", "link_id": "t3_b0wrlv", "time": 1552545568}}
{"eihqkh5": {"text": "What\u2019s up, Grover? Lol", "link_id": "t3_b0t4kc", "time": 1552544977}}
{"eihpbw0": {"text": "Great! I should probably be asleep but I'm up and not tired. It's crazy. ", "link_id": "t3_b0wfsj", "time": 1552543282}}
{"eihp87g": {"text": "Hey! I can chat! See, I'm doing it right now! Lol", "link_id": "t3_b0wfsj", "time": 1552543146}}
{"eihns2o": {"text": "I sent you a chat. I am willing to talk. ", "link_id": "t3_b0uwzt", "time": 1552541336}}
{"eihneav": {"text": "Sure. I live with my wife and four kids and a virtual menagerie of pets in a tiny little house in rural NY (Western NY, opposite side of the state from the city). I work with autistic kids and adults and love my job 90% of the time. Lol. I was going back to college for a while but had to take a break because it was too much for me and I was constantly depressed, anxious, and tired. Lol. I have sleep issues and work weird hours, but I'm almost always able to get back to someone fairly quickly. I dunno. I hate introductions. Hahaha", "link_id": "t3_b02tce", "time": 1552540893}}
{"eihmerz": {"text": "Hey. What's up? 35/M/US here. Always willing to chat or email and make new friends. PM me if you want to talk. ", "link_id": "t3_b02tce", "time": 1552539800}}
{"eihmbgn": {"text": "Hey. What's up. Kik sure is full of weirdos. I deleted it out of boredom. Let's chat and maybe I'll download it again. Lol", "link_id": "t3_b06tez", "time": 1552539699}}
{"eihm1qt": {"text": "Hey! I'd be interested in chatting throughout the day. 35/M here with four kids. Kids are a blast. Anyways, shoot me a pm and we can figure something out about chatting", "link_id": "t3_b0u37a", "time": 1552539418}}
{"eihlwkl": {"text": "What's up? If you're still looking for someone to chat with, I'm around for a while and live a pretty boring life. Always up for new friends. ", "link_id": "t3_b0sqg5", "time": 1552539272}}
{"eihlm2a": {"text": "Yo. What's up. I'm awake for a while and bored. Lol. ", "link_id": "t3_b0w1dp", "time": 1552538973}}
{"eihaup5": {"text": "We have some readings we are considering. Both are literary. Ones from Neil Gaiman, the other is from Phillip Pullman. We also like some shorter quotes from secular sources or authors. Carl Sagan has a nice one and there\u2019s one we like from mark twain. ", "link_id": "t3_b0ufl3", "time": 1552529685}}
{"eftgtsa": {"text": "I'm not vegan, but one of my good friends is. When he comes over for dinner or we go out, we rely on these three cuisines a lot. It helps that my wife is Lebanese, so we know a lot of options there. ", "link_id": "t3_andl11", "time": 1549397011}}
{"ee0widz": {"text": "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/22616723/There's one. I just searched \"homosexuality female relatives\" to find a bunch of them. This theory has been around a while. I found articles that were 10-15 years old in the list. ", "link_id": "t3_afp5jv", "time": 1547435607}}
{"ee0vtvm": {"text": "Actually, the current scientific thought on the subject is that it's caused by a trait that is gender specific. It seems that homosexual males may have female relatives who are especially fecund and fertile. So the genes would survive that way. When the gene appears in a female, she is especially fertile, but if it appears in a male, he is homosexual. That's the prevailing theory right now. ", "link_id": "t3_afp5jv", "time": 1547434988}}
{"ed4hznz": {"text": "The woman who made the post must be pregnant and is willing to give pregnancy tests that she has taken to other people so that they can convince their bf that they are pregnant. Once they are convinced, they will have unprotected sex in the future, since there is no reason to use protection (assuming you're both free of STD's and faithful) when a woman is pregnant. ", "link_id": "t3_aby0mi", "time": 1546484616}}
{"ec080zy": {"text": "It sounds like being clear about your atheism is a necessary first step. Next, setting clear boundaries is essential. I have four kids and they are all atheist or atheist leaning. If my family tried to interfere and teach my children something religious to them, I would have intervened immediately when they were younger. They all fend for themselves now except for the youngest. Last Easter, my mother in law got shut down by my 12 year old (in a respectful way) when she tried to bring up Jesus in our house. Lol", "link_id": "t3_a72zkc", "time": 1545084511}}
{"ebosuhr": {"text": "This is absolutely disgusting. But this is the logical conclusion of a literal, fundamentalist interpretation of the Bible. There are plenty of Christians (as you can see in the comments) who agree with the points in this post. I grew up in a independent, fundamental Baptist Church and I would have to say that many of the congregants would agree with most or even all of what this guy spews. It's disgusting. ", "link_id": "t3_a5fl8p", "time": 1544692022}}
{"eboph6q": {"text": "I'm pretty sure Asbury Hall in Babeville in Buffalo, NY used to be a church", "link_id": "t3_a5my1x", "time": 1544686017}}
{"ebjmafe": {"text": "Grew up in a similar sounding church, with close ties to the church in Hammond and Hyles in general. Those places are filled with perverts. Ugh. I'm so glad I got out. If you ever want to vent to an understanding party, I'm willing to listen and vent along with you. ", "link_id": "t3_a4nyq4", "time": 1544503157}}
{"ebjm39y": {"text": "The power structures in these churches fosters an environment where predators thrive in positions of leadership. Churches where people are taught to not question their leader and blindly follow, and where all sexuality is seen as sin are filled with perverts and abusers. You don't see these guys thriving in places where questioning authority is welcomed or encouraged. These guys need to be seen as infallible and blameless to truly thrive without consequences. ", "link_id": "t3_a4nyq4", "time": 1544502959}}
{"ebjlvq4": {"text": "It's the power structures in these churches that lets sexual predators remain in leadership positions without consequences. People are taught not to question authority figures and made to feel like they will be punished by God if they say anything bad about their pasto This is less likely to happen in situations where people are encouraged to think for themselves and question authority. ", "link_id": "t3_a4nyq4", "time": 1544502749}}
{"ebjlid9": {"text": "Hey, bud. Same here. Molested at about the same age by a youth pastor who ran a camp for boys. Independent fundamental Baptist Church. He was protected by the church for years before he faced legal consequences, and the pastors he worked with continued to laud his innocence and spread lies about the victims. It's sickening. These men abuse their power and manipulate their congregants. So many sexual predators settle into these positions because it's so easy to abuse these people they lead. I would be willing to chat if you ever need to vent about the Baptist Church. ", "link_id": "t3_a4nyq4", "time": 1544502379}}
{"ebjiu2t": {"text": "I grew up in these churches. They are full of child molesters and sexual predators. It's disgusting. So glad I got out. ", "link_id": "t3_a4xz2f", "time": 1544500016}}
{"ebh9jk1": {"text": "I LOOOOOOVE braunschweiger, but I rarely eat it because my wife hates it and I'm trying to keep my lipids and cholesterol levels down. I also like potted meat mixed with cream cheese and used as a spread. Any love for potted meat in here? Lol", "link_id": "t3_a4r65k", "time": 1544418022}}
{"ebgpc45": {"text": "As crazy as this sounds, this woman just believed that what I was taught as a kid. I was raised in a fundamental Baptist Church and was taught that the shape stands for the \"J\" in Jesus, the white is his purity and sinlessness, and the red is his blood. If you read the story linked in the comments, that's what this woman believed. I wouldn't be surprised if she was raised in a conservative church that taught this and bought into it and didn't know any better. I think her intentions were good but she went overboard. ", "link_id": "t3_a4kswc", "time": 1544399946}}
{"ebgp2d0": {"text": "This did happen. It appears that she had good intentions but took it too far. ", "link_id": "t3_a4kswc", "time": 1544399736}}
{"ebgp0n4": {"text": "It's what I was taught growing up in a fundamental Baptist Church. The \"J\" stands for Jesus and the red and white stands for the purity of Jesus and his blood. For real. And if you read the story, this woman believed that's what it stood for. Someone indoctrinated this woman as a child or something. ", "link_id": "t3_a4kswc", "time": 1544399700}}
{"e9g6c8l": {"text": "Seriously one of my favorite songs. ", "link_id": "t3_9vygru", "time": 1541890969}}
{"e85etx6": {"text": "When my daughter was that age, she told me basically this except she added \"all the dinosaurs died... Except the rhinos\". I have no idea why she thought rhinos were dinosaurs. ", "link_id": "t3_9pvw85", "time": 1540082851}}
{"e81c6d9": {"text": "Looking it up, it seems that most deaths related to falling out of bed happens in nursing homes and hospitals, where beds are significantly higher. Also, a significant number of serious injuries and even death among children is related to putting them in bunk beds on the top bunk at too young of an age. ", "link_id": "t3_9pdep1", "time": 1539913269}}
{"e81b3iz": {"text": "Probably by being old and/or frail. I work with the developmentally disabled and falling out of bed is common with the population. I work in a home with kids now, but in the past I worked with adults and sometimes injuries happened when they fell out of bed, and the older they were the worse the injury seemed to be. ", "link_id": "t3_9pdep1", "time": 1539912281}}
{"e7wc5vr": {"text": "My cat Lucky lived to be 22. She was a sweet cat her whole life. My wife got her as Christmas present when my wife was a preteen and she got to share her with our kids. My kids loved her. We have two 14 year old cats, a five year old cat, and a two year old cat right now. We're cat people. Lol. The 14 year olds are starting to get cranky, but I love them. The one had a hematoma in her ear a while ago and they had to drain and stitch it up and it left her with a messed up shriveled looking ear. So now when she makes her cranky face at me, she just looks silly. Cats are such wonderful animals. Every one of them is so different, too. ", "link_id": "t3_9ookr8", "time": 1539727905}}
{"e7s71zg": {"text": "Many Deaf people actually do have some level of hearing, it's just so terrible that they can't use hearing to communicate. I know many Deaf people, and most of them can at least hear that you make a sound if you yell near them. I don't know any Deaf person who wouldn't be able to hear something if you shouted in their ear. As for the loudest sound possible, I don't know that such a thing exists, but it would likely kill them. Lol", "link_id": "t3_9o7a0x", "time": 1539567225}}
{"e7qh448": {"text": "My doctor sometimes bumps up my dose temporarily in the late fall and drops it back down in the spring. She always says she won't take it back down until the daffodils are up. Lol. She says it's super common with bipolar illnesses to have a seasonal cycle, with mania during the longer days and depression in the short ones. There's actually some theories that bipolar disorder is an over exaggerated form of natural cycles that at one time helped with survival, but when overdone in some people's brains in modern society, is extremely unhealthy. The thought is that the tendency to be extremely active when it's warm and sink into inactivity for the winter was a way to conserve energy when we needed to but never productive when it was a time of plenty. The thought goes that in some people, in modern culture, when these extremes become too extreme, they lead to bipolar illnesses. Anyways, yeah, it's definitely a thing that happens to a lot of people.", "link_id": "t3_9ntg70", "time": 1539497539}}
{"e7qgrnn": {"text": "Abilify is bae. LolSeriously though, I love Abilify. It's the first med that did what I wanted it to. It gets rid of the intrusive thoughts and levels out both ends of my mood swings. I haven't had any major episodes since I started taking it over a year ago. And my depression has been manageable or absent.As far as side effects, it makes me a little restless for the first few hours after I take it. Luckily I work on my feet mostly and can burn off the energy easily. I find myself tapping my toes or fingers if I don't stay busy. Lol. As far as weight, I actually lost some weight. But I had put 25 lbs on from Risperdal and didn't lose all 25. Other than that it doesn't really affect me. I know that if you're diabetic you're supposed to check your blood sugars because it can raise them for some people, but all antipsychotics can do that. Abilify isn't for everyone though. Some people find the restlessness intolerable. I recommend taking it when you can be active. For me, first thing in the morning is perfect because my job has me on my feet for the first couple hours I'm there and then slows down. I tried taking it at night at first because that is when I took Risperdal, but I couldn't fall asleep right if I took it at bedtime.Some people get irritable on it, but if anything, it's made me less irritable. It's just a complaint I've seen before. If you have any other questions or concerns, let me know. I've been taking it for over a year after going through a couple other meds first and long discussions with my doc about how these meds work and what they do and side effect profiles of some of the popular ones. Let me know if I can help in any way. I can't give medical advice, but I can share any info I have. ", "link_id": "t3_9nuqi1", "time": 1539496908}}
{"e7qgas4": {"text": "Abilify saved my life. It evens out my highs and lows better than anything I've ever taken. And it does it with minimal side effects. I had bad like with other antipsychotics, and was ready to give up hope on them. And then I tried Abilify. It was like a miracle. It stops me from getting into those deep dark depressive episodes, and from the dangerous but tempting manic episodes.As for the changes in your personality, I haven't noticed any in my own. Maybe he's referring to the fact that you are manic or hypomanic and are overly charming right now. I don't know why he would say that though.I hope you have as good of luck with this med as I have! Everyone is different and reacts in a different way to different meds. But I've had great luck with it. ", "link_id": "t3_9nyau1", "time": 1539496035}}
{"e7pzy4v": {"text": "It's strange how different people react so differently to meds. ", "link_id": "t3_9nuohx", "time": 1539476740}}
{"e7pz26m": {"text": "It CAN lower your testosterone and raise your prolactin levels. Some men develop breasts while taking it, and some women lactate while taking it. Everyone responds differently though, so it may not do in one person what it does in another. If you do have problems, there are other meds that have less of a chance of doing this. ", "link_id": "t3_9nxru9", "time": 1539475808}}
{"e7pyr0d": {"text": "It's funny you mention Abilify, because for me it's been a miracle drug, but it made my one friend go into rages where he felt like he was losing control of himself and was super angry all the time. ", "link_id": "t3_9nuohx", "time": 1539475478}}
{"e7phiza": {"text": "Please don't think that this is normal for people who accept TANF or SNAP benefits. I used SNAP (food stamps) for a while and would never even dream of buying a 7 dollar Starbucks drink with it. I didn't even know that Starbucks would accept them. That makes no sense. I know lots of people, though who use or have used benefits but never abused them. Please don't think she is a norm.", "link_id": "t3_9nw4uo", "time": 1539458913}}
{"e7o4qdl": {"text": "I take abilify, lamictal and Luvox for my schizoaffective and Concerta for my ADHD. I've been stable for over a year. I don't really purposely exercise like working out or running or anything like that, but I have a job that has me busy on my feet a lot. I don't do drugs or drink much. I eat a normal diet I would say, but overdo it sometimes. I'm overweight and trying to lose weight right now. I'm down a few pounds but it's a struggle. I put on a lot of weight when I was on Risperdal a few years ago. It's been hard to shed the pounds. ", "link_id": "t3_9no3is", "time": 1539393591}}
{"e7o4iv2": {"text": "Ah, good old intrusive thoughts. Lol. I take a med that's actually used for OCD (Luvox) and it helps some. I also take abilify and lamictal. I don't have them as much as I used to. This stuff is normal for us, don't feel like you are a freak or anything. The thing that actually helped me more than anything was therapy. Learning to deal with them was hard but worth it. ", "link_id": "t3_9nplkn", "time": 1539393366}}
{"e7o4d03": {"text": "Yeah I started at 2mg too. I was at 10 mg for a while, but then I was still having mood swings more than I wanted to. My doc upped it to 15mg so that my moods would be more stable. For me, abilify helps with both mania and depression. It's been great for me. ", "link_id": "t3_9mft90", "time": 1539393181}}
{"e7myj7s": {"text": "One time when I was hypomanic, I painted the entire inside of my house in a week. Every room. It was insane. Me, at 3 am, rolling paint on the walls every night for a week. Lol. I don't mind mild hypomania, but it has to be monitored. ", "link_id": "t3_9njvij", "time": 1539354630}}
{"e7mwxps": {"text": "I consider myself stable and I still cycle. I can always tell, though, that without meds it would be worse, and I've learned mindfulness stuff to make it through if it does get bad. I can talk more about the difference between type 1 and type 2 if you want. When I had my first psychotic episode, they debated my diagnosis and went over stuff with me and I have read a lot on the subject as well. Let me know if you want more info. If you do a Google search though, you should find some basic stuff. ", "link_id": "t3_9njvij", "time": 1539353156}}
{"e7mvu3b": {"text": "Type 2 definitely can include hypomanic episodes, which is what this sounds like. True mania is much worse typically. Mania includes psychosis a lot of the time as far as I can tell. Has no one talked to you about the difference between hypomania and mania before? I thought that most docs went over this stuff. I'm sorry if no one has explained it to you. I have schizoaffective disorder bipolar type, and have hypomania usually instead of true mania. It's a powerful thing and can be hard to resist the urges and desires that come with it. You should talk to your doc and/or therapist about some of this stuff (if you're in the US, I believe that the drug use is covered under HIPAA and they can't report it, but I could understand if you would rather skip over that part if it was a one time thing). Hypomania is serious stuff and there are meds and therapies that can help you manage these episodes. ", "link_id": "t3_9njvij", "time": 1539352081}}
{"e7mhiqa": {"text": "It's not just about RECOGNIZING the cognitive distortion, it's also about developing coping strategies and alternative thoughts to focus on. Getting angry that you can't change them is understandable, but not healthy. It sounds like mindfulness therapy would be good for you. Watching the thoughts come and being okay with their presence while still recognizing that they aren't valid is a tough thing to master, but it's doable. I have learned all kinds of things from a combination of my own reading and research and many years of therapy. It takes work, but it's doable. ", "link_id": "t3_9nhobw", "time": 1539328947}}
{"e7mha99": {"text": "There are apps and books out there that might be helpful. Cognitive behavioral therapy or mindfulness therapy might be helpful. There are apps and books that work with both systems of therapy. Suicide is forever. This isn't a situation where something permanent needs to be the only option. What are you willing to try? BTW, I've tried at least that many meds for psych care. That's really not that many. Lol. At least not in my experience. Some people get lucky on the first try. Maybe you have treatment resistant depression. My sister never had luck with typical antidepressants, but Latuda has been a miracle for her. There are all kinds of new meds out there. I currently take lamictal, luvox and Abilify, plus an ADHD med. It took me a long time to get here though. I started meds when I was 14 and have been on and off them for 20 years. I've been stable on meds for about five years now. It could have been sooner if I had stuck it out the first time. Instead I kept stubbornly going off meds and being med free for years at a time. If you don't want meds though, at least find a way to practice self care. Therapy is a good option, but if nothing else, find a way to do it DIY. ", "link_id": "t3_9nhobw", "time": 1539328487}}
{"e7mgo5p": {"text": "I swear to you, meds work and so does therapy. Don't give up. My sister just went back on meds and into therapy after being in your shoes. She had terrible luck with meds in the past and swore she would never take them again. But things got out of control and she realized she needed help and found a good doctor willing to listen to her about what meds she would and wouldn't try. I research meds all the time and talk to my doctor about them. It took three antipsychotics before we landed on the right one. Meds are tricky. ", "link_id": "t3_9nhobw", "time": 1539327323}}
{"e7mg4ey": {"text": "Finding something to hold onto is easier in this day and age too. I have a folder in my phone's gallery app titled \"WHY\". It's filled with a couple dozen pics of the most important people and things in my life. Things like my wife and kids, my siblings, my pets, my best friend, and things like that. I look through it when everything seems hopeless to remind myself that I have things to live for. It doesn't even have to be people. It can be sentimental objects and stuff. Reminders that life is worth living and good things exist. ", "link_id": "t3_9ngnwl", "time": 1539326317}}
{"e7mfx3a": {"text": "I was just talking about this earlier. I compare mental illness to diabetes. Doctors, meds... You see the parallels there. In my mind, therapy is like going to a nutritionist to find out how to change your diet and exercise. Everyone has unhealthy thought patterns, just like we all have unhealthy eating patterns sometimes. Therapy is about recognizing them and figuring out healthy options. I always try to take a few minutes afterwards and try to figure out what I learned about my negative thought patterns, and how I can change them for the better. In my opinion, this is what therapy should be. By the way, if you don't feel like you're doing any work through therapy, you're doing it wrong. Therapy should be hard and uncomfortable sometimes. If you put the work in though, it's 100% worth it. ", "link_id": "t3_9nft4t", "time": 1539325945}}
{"e7mfpdz": {"text": "It sounds like you're having a rough time. Seeing a doctor or therapist ASAP is the best option right now. Describe your symptoms honestly. Tell them about the voices. There is help available. I hear voices when I'm not medicated, and it's miserable I know. But there is hope. Don't give up. ", "link_id": "t3_9ndrrf", "time": 1539325565}}
{"e7mfme1": {"text": "Do you see a therapist? A prescriber? Do you take any medications? Are they helping? If not, have you looked into alternatives? I used to think it was hopeless. I have attempted to kill myself before. But I went to therapy, and I found the right meds. It took a little trial and error, but it worked out. I'm now living a happy, busy and productive life. I mean, I still struggle once in a while, but that's just it. It's little bumps in the road now instead of seemingly insurmountable pain and misery 24/7. I'm here to talk if you need to talk. ", "link_id": "t3_9nhobw", "time": 1539325423}}
{"e7mf33j": {"text": "I love Abilify, but the \"tired but wired\" thing is familiar. I experienced it when they increased my dose each time. I take 15 mg right now, and have no issues. I take it in the morning with my Concerta (I have ADHD too). I tried taking Abilify at night and I couldn't sleep because I felt restless. I think they say it takes two weeks for the blood plasma levels to even out. Give it time. Also, Ability helped with my depression AND mania (I have the bipolar type). It's a great med. I'm surprised though that Latuda made you so sleepy. I thought it was supposed to be one of the least sleepy ones. I guess I was wrong. Mine was Risperdal. I couldn't function on that stuff. I slept all the time and couldn't wake up for anything most of the time. It was awful. Invega was good but it messed up my blood work and I gained weight on it. So they switched me to Abilify. It's been amazing. ", "link_id": "t3_9mft90", "time": 1539324494}}
{"e7m916d": {"text": "I take 15 mg of Abilify. I love the med. But it makes me restless. I find myself fidgeting or pacing or tapping my fingers or toes all day. Maybe that's why you can't focus. The restlessness. When I have to get something done, I go for a brisk walk with the dogs or something to break it up. I also break tasks down into smaller chunks so I can take breaks if I have to. Is it attention or restlessness you feel? Just something to consider. But in all other ways, for me at least, Abilify has been a miracle. ", "link_id": "t3_9n1t4o", "time": 1539316007}}
{"e73up2y": {"text": "I was expecting the kookaburra to eat one of the lorikeets, honestly. They're badass birds. ", "link_id": "t3_9l072b", "time": 1538593284}}
{"e72ulgn": {"text": "I actually don't think it matters how much you believe. Studies have actually shown that placebos work even if you know it's a placebo. ", "link_id": "t3_9kvxf0", "time": 1538552563}}
{"e72uk71": {"text": "What's really crazy is that placebos often work EVEN IF YOU KNOW IT'S A PLACEBO. Crazy. ", "link_id": "t3_9kvxf0", "time": 1538552491}}
{"e6zf7bc": {"text": "No. Dogs ARE the direct descendants of wolves. Cats are the descendants of an African wildcat who is exactly as the poster described - a mostly solitary hunter. Lions are the exception in the cat world, not the rule. Most cats are solitary or at the most will tolerate each other. Social cat species are unusual. ", "link_id": "t3_9kh09r", "time": 1538420231}}
{"e6zf6t7": {"text": "No. Dogs ARE the direct descendants of wolves. Cats are the descendants of an African wildcat who is exactly as the poster described - a mostly solitary hunter. Lions are the exception in the cat world, not the rule. Most cats are solitary or at the most will tolerate each other. Social cat species are unusual. ", "link_id": "t3_9kh09r", "time": 1538420219}}
{"e6u1get": {"text": "And here I thought my med was ridiculous. I take a med that would cost $900 a month if I didn't have insurance. I always panic if I drop one because that's a $30 pill. ", "link_id": "t3_9jr6ol", "time": 1538188383}}
{"e6tpiek": {"text": "I'm confused. It's Friday the 28th. Lol", "link_id": "t3_9jrh4z", "time": 1538174976}}
{"e6ixqiv": {"text": "I'm from the States but would definitely be interested in chatting. I can do Kik or Whatsapp. I'm a 35 year old guy, I live in New York (not the city, the state). I can talk about whatever. Message me with how you would like to chat", "link_id": "t3_9hyt4k", "time": 1537753533}}
{"e6iwjv6": {"text": "What's up? I'm willing to chat about whatever. ", "link_id": "t3_9iauwn", "time": 1537752360}}
{"e6iigew": {"text": "Would you want to use the chat feature on Reddit? Or something else like Kik or Whatsapp? ", "link_id": "t3_9iap9s", "time": 1537738764}}
{"e6iie12": {"text": "Hey. 35 M here. I'd be interested in chatting over Kik if you want. Send me your username", "link_id": "t3_9ib2hy", "time": 1537738701}}
{"e623dqy": {"text": "Not only were Andrew Wakefield's papers retracted by the publisher, but he also lost his medical license as a result of research into his methods and the supposed \"results\" he reported.", "link_id": "t3_9g6azf", "time": 1537070330}}
{"e612xyd": {"text": "I saw that story! The weird thing was that he pretended to have Down Syndrome, even though you could tell by looking at him that he didn't have it. Why did he pick a diagnosis with such a distinct profile and look? I mean, I've worked with lots of people with Down Syndrome (my job is in an agency for the disabled), and I can easily tell when someone does or doesn't have the disorder just by looking at them. It's an odd choice. ", "link_id": "t3_9fujlg", "time": 1537032160}}
{"e603pz8": {"text": "Maybe it's a fake story, but it's a real mental illness. People think that a body part should be removed or damaged, sometimes so they can be disabled, and will go to great lengths to act on it. I can believe this story. I saw a show a few years ago about it, and one guy shoved his leg in ice for a couple hours and then took a hacksaw to his leg just below the knee. It's insane how far these people will go. ", "link_id": "t3_9fujlg", "time": 1536980224}}
{"e603j9o": {"text": "I watched a show about it and this one guy shoved his leg in ice for like an hour or two and then took a hacksaw and started cutting just below the knee because he thought he should only have one leg. It's crazy how far these people will go to become disabled and/or remove body parts. The show talked about the problem being that doctors won't remove or damage healthy organs, but since these people will go to insane lengths like this, some people are questioning whether we should let doctors do it safely. I mean, this guy who hacked his leg off ended up passing out halfway through, and lost a ton of blood. He nearly died. And the doctors couldn't save his leg. If they had amputated it when it was healthy, he wouldn't have had all the complications and it would have been a lot safer. But should doctors remove a healthy leg? Or is there some other treatment that will work? It's a baffling disorder. ", "link_id": "t3_9fujlg", "time": 1536979994}}
{"e602uyq": {"text": "I always tell people when they ask about it, that schizoaffective disorder is what would happen if schizophrenia and bipolar had a baby. Lol. That's an easy way to describe it I think. It's a starting point for them to understand it. I mean... I'm not wrong, am I?But seriously, if you want to know more about it, I've researched it a lot since being diagnosed and have tried several meds and treatment options. Ask me anything if you want to know more about the illness, and I will do my best to answer you. ", "link_id": "t3_9fxtu2", "time": 1536979152}}
{"e5x48s8": {"text": "No problem. If you ever need to talk, I can chat", "link_id": "t3_9fhxkh", "time": 1536863380}}
{"e5x3myj": {"text": "I take abilify. Sometimes I have symptoms, but they're pretty mild. I like the dose I'm at because my symptoms are rare and mild but I don't feel \"medicated\", if you know what I mean. Risperdal made me feel so numb and drugged up. I liked Invega but it messed with my blood sugar and weight. Like I said, I've tried a handful. Lol. My goal with meds is to not have symptoms interfere with my life. So I'm willing to deal with some mild symptoms once or twice a year. Mostly I struggle with depression now. But abilify has even been helpful with that. My sister takes Latuda and loves it. I've never tried it. There's lots of options out there. Don't give up. ", "link_id": "t3_9fhxkh", "time": 1536862886}}
{"e5wrhfw": {"text": "You need to talk to your doctor honestly and frankly and tell them what's going on. Maybe these aren't the meds for you. I had to go through a handful of antipsychotic meds before I found one that worked for me. Maybe you need a bigger dose (although I know Seroquel makes you tired, so that might suck). Maybe you need to change when and how you take it. All of these are possible solutions, but don't do anything without first talking to your doctor. ", "link_id": "t3_9fhxkh", "time": 1536852969}}
{"e5w4cy4": {"text": "Yes. I believe you have to affirm belief in a higher powe to move up the ranks. I believe the Mormons are big donors, so it's unlikely that will change any time soon. Edit: apparently they are parting ways in 2019 over the issue of gay scouts and troop leaders. So maybe there is hope. ", "link_id": "t3_9fezda", "time": 1536820813}}
{"e5trp83": {"text": "This is how I feel about abilify. Abilify changed my life and stabilized me. But I know other people don't like abilify. It's strange how different meds affect everyone differently. ", "link_id": "t3_9f3pwa", "time": 1536725351}}
{"e5trgrd": {"text": "Interested in text or email here. 35/M. Busy but always willing to chat. ", "link_id": "t3_9f2uq5", "time": 1536725055}}
{"e5tovtm": {"text": "Expecting myself to always be okay. I had to learn to forgive myself and take care of myself when I'm depressed. I have seasonal episodes of fairly severe depression and have even been hospitalized for suicidal thoughts. I saw it as weakness to admit I wasn't doing okay and thought it was better to try to forge through it alone. I worked with a therapist and have accepted that it's okay to feel like shit and have to lean on people to maintain stability. It doesn't make you weak to admit you have a problem. ", "link_id": "t3_9f2p3x", "time": 1536722088}}
{"e4j3xkh": {"text": "That sucks. What classes are you taking? I'm taking a Human Services course, a human development course, and a course that is basically a BS course where you lay out your college plan. ", "link_id": "t3_98ki7r", "time": 1534789222}}
{"e4j2k3b": {"text": "That sounds pretty cool! How many credits do you have under your belt? I have about 55 from when I went when I was younger. ", "link_id": "t3_98ki7r", "time": 1534788077}}
{"e4j1l8c": {"text": "I'm taking a human services course, a human development course, and a course that everyone has to take about goals and aspirations that is basically a BS course. So only two actual courses with homework and assignments. My major is human services. I am actually contemplating going as far as getting my masters degree. We will see how this goes. I'm excited, but also nervous and anxious. ", "link_id": "t3_98ki7r", "time": 1534787270}}
{"e4j1e2a": {"text": "What kind of accommodation would you recommend? ", "link_id": "t3_98ki7r", "time": 1534787105}}
{"e4j1cui": {"text": "What are you majoring in? I'm majoring in Human Services. I'm about half way there thanks to my earlier studies as a younger person, and have just come coursework to complete pretty much. I'm excited to complete my degree, but like I said, I'm also a little bit anxious. ", "link_id": "t3_98ki7r", "time": 1534787079}}
{"e47ibu0": {"text": "I had a black and white cat that almost made it to 23. She's the reason for my username. Her name was Lucky and she died when she was 22.", "link_id": "t3_978rn8", "time": 1534295969}}
{"e45c0ps": {"text": "I get it at an animal feed store", "link_id": "t3_972y1r", "time": 1534209348}}
{"e45be9x": {"text": "Hahaha. I'm getting downvoted. That's hilarious. I only said it because he asked if it was shitty for you. It is. I can't deny it's delicious. Root beer is terrible for you, but the other day at Burger King, I downed a cup and then got a refill. I'm not preaching over here.", "link_id": "t3_972y1r", "time": 1534208724}}
{"e456dwo": {"text": "White bread is terrible for you.", "link_id": "t3_972y1r", "time": 1534203704}}
{"e455e0q": {"text": "I always pick up cracked corn to feed the local ducks with my kids. Bread is bad for them. I thought more people knew that. ", "link_id": "t3_972y1r", "time": 1534202705}}
{"e452a82": {"text": "Pregnant women. Ugh. Once the baby bump shows, a woman can go from marginally attractive to smoking hot.", "link_id": "t3_96zybh", "time": 1534199651}}
{"e1ikohh": {"text": "Hey! What's up! Two days ago I could have said the same intro, but I turned 35 yesterday. I could chat for a bit.", "link_id": "t3_8uucko", "time": 1530301031}}
{"e0r1yw1": {"text": "I am always willing to chat about pretty much anything. Hmu if you want to talk to a 34 yo guy from NY. ", "link_id": "t3_8rexw8", "time": 1529113475}}
{"dzsu5rr": {"text": "I had a Dodge Intrepid that had the battery in the wheel well. It was a nightmare to try to get to it.", "link_id": "t3_8n132e", "time": 1527647271}}
{"dzf77pz": {"text": "My wife does this to me and it drives me CRAZY. I will send her two or three longer messages about something going on and get \"K\" or \"Yeah\" as a response. Why do people do this?", "link_id": "t3_8leebl", "time": 1527041079}}
{"dz96one": {"text": "I've only been to one and it was in Ontario. Lol", "link_id": "t3_8kmdi2", "time": 1526765759}}
{"dyvbozi": {"text": "Humane means being compassionate and kind. It doesn't mean to treat as if one were human. The Humane Society specifically is an animal advocacy group. Humane is more a synonym of \"ethical\" or \"compassionate\" than anything else.", "link_id": "t3_8iwrt1", "time": 1526146327}}
{"dyjvy6a": {"text": "Here's the first one I found but there were plenty more. https://www.pinknews.co.uk/2012/06/13/study-male-homosexuality-strongly-genetic-and-related-to-female-fertility/", "link_id": "t3_8hdu8y", "time": 1525638748}}
{"dyjouvu": {"text": "He didn't even mention one of the most common theories. It's been found that women related to homosexual men have features in common, and that one of these features is increased fertility and fecundity. It may be that a gene that causes homosexuality in males also causes related women to produce a greater number of offspring, and nature would then favor this gene.", "link_id": "t3_8hdu8y", "time": 1525631243}}
{"dy8gsrn": {"text": "My mother was sexually abused by her step father when she was 12 to 14. When she confided to a Baptist preacher about it, he asked her what she did to invite his advances, and insisted over and over again that her stepfather would NEVER have assaulted her and abused her unless she did something to tempt him. So hearing one say that battered women should stay in abusive situations doesn't surprise me at all. He probably wonders what the women did to provoke the man's anger. Assholes.", "link_id": "t3_8g1xfl", "time": 1525124760}}
{"dy74m54": {"text": "Someone on my Facebook told me I was a hypocrite because I supported the doctor's opinion that life support should be withdrawn, while I work with disabled children and he said that I must think that the autistic kids I work with would be better off dead, too. He also drew comparisons between the decision to withdraw life support to Hitler killing the disabled in the Holocaust. Where do people get these ideas?", "link_id": "t3_8fuu6i", "time": 1525062612}}
{"dxtgipy": {"text": "Hey there. I also have schizoaffective disorder and live a good life now after several years of adjusting meds and trying different things. Don't give up. Happiness is on the other side of this illness. It is possible. PM or message me if you want to chat about it.", "link_id": "t3_8e8jhi", "time": 1524466216}}
{"dxtftyy": {"text": "Schizoaffective bipolar here. When I am manic, I sometimes believe that I can talk to nature and have seen trees move when I talk to them. I have also felt like I also feel the ground moving like the earth is sighing or breathing. ", "link_id": "t3_8e9bv4", "time": 1524464893}}
{"dxtb71u": {"text": "I cam talk for a bit. What's up?", "link_id": "t3_8e8cm4", "time": 1524457128}}
{"dxquhru": {"text": "I like how he mentions offhandedly that Christians are being KILLED in other places, and then equates that to the supposed persecution happening here in the US. ", "link_id": "t3_8dvyr6", "time": 1524339979}}
{"dxqsro1": {"text": "It was amazing! I loved everything about the performance. I have mixed feelings about Dead Rider, lol. But everything John and the band did was fantastic. He did a cover of \"Sugar, we're going down\" by Fallout Boy as part of the show, that was def interesting. They did two encores and they were great.", "link_id": "t3_8djv35", "time": 1524338073}}
{"dxqmvyc": {"text": "I was there too! It was a great show. What did you think of Dead Rider?", "link_id": "t3_8dwdc7", "time": 1524331498}}
{"dxoitr4": {"text": "That's who is opening tonight. I have listened to them on spotify since I found out they're playing and I like some of their stuff. They're good live?", "link_id": "t3_8djv35", "time": 1524232750}}
{"dw6885v": {"text": "If you're on android, colornote is amazing and has password settings where you can make notes secure and require a password to see them.", "link_id": "t3_86mlti", "time": 1521828605}}
{"dvcg1lo": {"text": "I have different handwriting when I'm manic. It's sloppier and bigger. I normally write fairly small with the letters close together. Manic, it's all over the place", "link_id": "t3_82sf9r", "time": 1520461697}}
{"dv8afzj": {"text": "I'm around and can do either ", "link_id": "t3_828r4j", "time": 1520282020}}
{"dv79h9p": {"text": "When I get in that dark place, I open the folder in my phone titled \"why\". It's pictures of my kids from birth to now. It's about 75 or so pics. It always makes me cry, but in a good way and brings me back from the edge. ", "link_id": "t3_823uez", "time": 1520229887}}
{"dv7943i": {"text": "Yeah. There are chat subs like  and  and subs like  and stuff. ", "link_id": "t3_823r74", "time": 1520229250}}
{"dv78tdl": {"text": "I wish people connected more. Like, I know there are subs to make friends and shit, but I wish that when someone said something that totally vibes with you, more people would reach out and offer to chat. ", "link_id": "t3_823r74", "time": 1520228758}}
{"dv78qo3": {"text": "I think if they were born sighted and went blind later, they do. But if they have always been blind, no.", "link_id": "t3_823r7a", "time": 1520228640}}
{"dv78eh1": {"text": "They do here in N.Y. now. They're hard to find though.", "link_id": "t3_823g32", "time": 1520228098}}
{"dv76mbo": {"text": "I live three hours from the Canadian border and once went to Canada because at the time it was the only place to buy ketchup chips. Also, I was 19 and an idiot.", "link_id": "t3_823g32", "time": 1520225440}}
{"dv74ngk": {"text": "Hey. What's up? Hit me up anytime. I can chat on multiple platforms. Let me know if you're interested. ", "link_id": "t3_821gbz", "time": 1520222810}}
{"dv740gk": {"text": "Interested in email or chat platform. Hit me up if you're interested ", "link_id": "t3_821mvf", "time": 1520222031}}
{"dv73paq": {"text": "Good question. I had someone hook me up with a convict and when I looked his name up, he had a Wikipedia page because he was involved in a huge child pornography ring. I hesitate to respond to these posts now", "link_id": "t3_821dep", "time": 1520221655}}
{"dv73g86": {"text": "34 year old guy here really bored and looking to chat. Hit me up!", "link_id": "t3_822e47", "time": 1520221341}}
{"dv73d1t": {"text": "Hit me up", "link_id": "t3_822fia", "time": 1520221233}}
{"dv6rs6c": {"text": "Well. How about yourself?", "link_id": "t3_81scpe", "time": 1520206924}}
{"duxgsfe": {"text": "Yo. 34 M here. Interested in making new friends. How would you want to communicate?", "link_id": "t3_80ql2o", "time": 1519769676}}
{"duvdkdi": {"text": "Still looking? I'm around to chat ", "link_id": "t3_80bp1b", "time": 1519679136}}
{"duv68em": {"text": "I thought the comment about committing people to mental institutions was equally disturbing. He wants to go back to the 40s when institutions were filled with overmedicated and sedated patients who were trapped indefinitely in lock up?", "link_id": "t3_80eui1", "time": 1519672670}}
{"duu66h1": {"text": "I can text if you can do that. Everyone is sleeping so a call would be difficult for me right now. ", "link_id": "t3_80ach4", "time": 1519620052}}
{"duu4l7f": {"text": "Sent you a chat ", "link_id": "t3_808wzy", "time": 1519618141}}
{"duti2lb": {"text": "Came here to say this exact one. I live with a mental illness and constantly feel broken and in need of repair. This line hits me hard every time I hear it.", "link_id": "t3_805v60", "time": 1519592554}}
{"dusdrdq": {"text": "I did", "link_id": "t3_7zy03l", "time": 1519530251}}
{"duscxzn": {"text": "I'm in the middle of a mixed episode right now. It's hell. My mind is racing and I'm making poor decisions and all the signs of hypomania EXCEPT the euphoria. I feel dysphoria instead i.e. depression and agitation. I'm easily irritated but also self loathing and at times have suicidal urges. But my mind is racing and I can't focus on any one thing. Feel free to PM or Reddit chat at me if you want to know more or just want to commiserate ", "link_id": "t3_800hoz", "time": 1519529235}}
{"dusc1gs": {"text": "Are you still available?", "link_id": "t3_7zy03l", "time": 1519528101}}
{"durn4e7": {"text": "I usually find nice people too. Just wondered about this particular comment", "link_id": "t3_7zy5ii", "time": 1519497948}}
{"duqnzvj": {"text": "The official app for Android and iOS does ", "link_id": "t3_7zr4lz", "time": 1519439871}}
{"duqksmt": {"text": "Okay. I'd love to talk. Reddit chat? Or PM", "link_id": "t3_7zr4lz", "time": 1519435855}}
{"duqgii7": {"text": "Okay", "link_id": "t3_7zr0s5", "time": 1519430660}}
{"duqeo8q": {"text": "Do you have Reddit chat? We could chat there", "link_id": "t3_7zr0s5", "time": 1519428534}}
{"duq45bx": {"text": "My brain is running in overdrive and right now I am playing on my phone and my iPad at the same time and still feel understimulated and I'm thinking of going to do something but nothing sounds interesting and sometimes when I sit to long I start to think about how the world would be better without me and that I should run away or kill myself but then my mind races off and I can't keep the thought still and I just want to do something wild but it all sounds so boring and dull and hey, do you have Reddit chat or something because that would be cool", "link_id": "t3_7zr4lz", "time": 1519417909}}
{"dukjh3i": {"text": "Never taken Seroquel, but Abilify has been a life saver for me. It has stabilized my moods and acted as an antipsychotic. I love it. I usually get extremely depressed in the winter, and this year Abilify kept it mostly at bay. No drowsiness or sleeping all day. My wife complains that I toss and turn more at night since starting it, but I sleep soundly.", "link_id": "t3_7ycerz", "time": 1519170916}}
{"dukic21": {"text": "I know how you feel. I live with my family - a wife and four kids - and yet I constantly feel alone and miserable lately. I've been feeling guilty that I don't feel like they can fill the loneliness I feel. Ugh.", "link_id": "t3_7yyfv7", "time": 1519169762}}
{"dto6v1o": {"text": "It would be a serious incident and the state department that oversees us would have to be contacted. We would have to change their supervision level and they might not be able to be around each other. ", "link_id": "t3_7ut2pp", "time": 1517658114}}
{"dtnipev": {"text": "I work with the mentally retarded, and that's exactly what happens. They are interviewed by someone from our behavior or therapy department and they decide with the doctor if the person can consent and it is put in their file. If they can't consent, and someone has sex with them, it would be considered rape. So essentially we have to give them permission.", "link_id": "t3_7ut2pp", "time": 1517615880}}
{"drpt0sx": {"text": "I always took it like a \"Just So\" story. Like, that's why the snake doesn't have legs. It lost them as punishment.", "link_id": "t3_7lt10v", "time": 1514152357}}
{"drpav5t": {"text": "The bible says that was the punishment for the snake for convincing eve to eat an apple - from then on he had to crawl on his belly ", "link_id": "t3_7lt10v", "time": 1514130016}}
{"drbwm8g": {"text": "I'm around for a while. How cam I help?", "link_id": "t3_7h4hi4", "time": 1513422136}}
{"dr2eydq": {"text": "I'm not even sure about the sexes being the way you described. My sister has a dog whose mother was a Chihuahua and father was an 80 lb pitbull mix. She had three puppies and all are now healthy adults. It might be able to happen with Great Danes as well. I wouldn't want to purposely do it since the mother would be at risk carrying a pregnancy like that but I wouldn't be willing to say it's impossible.", "link_id": "t3_7iy3m5", "time": 1512958139}}
{"dqz4xd8": {"text": "5 ft 9 in 34yr old M looking for accountability. Start weigh was 242. Current weight 235. Goal weight (for now) is 190. We will see how I feel when I get to 190. I may want to lose more. Username is jalutgen. Add me!", "link_id": "t3_6v3um7", "time": 1512777837}}
{"dqyx7r3": {"text": "Ten was enough for me this past summer but I'm usually slightly manic all summer. When my winter depression set in and I started slipping we upped it to fifteen.", "link_id": "t3_7igkiv", "time": 1512768585}}
{"dqyve5n": {"text": "I am currently taking 15 mg", "link_id": "t3_7igkiv", "time": 1512766590}}
{"dqyu4lv": {"text": "Abilify is the best AP I have ever taken. It helps with my depression. It doesn't make me sleepy. It doesn't make me fat. It helps with the voices and delusions and paranoia and intrusive thoughts. I love Abilify. I do notice that I have restless legs at night but I did some research and the prescription meds they use to treat it share properties with Benadryl. I just take one at bedtime if I'm feeling restless and have a good nights sleep. As for the side effects I mentioned,  I took risperdal and invega before I took Abilify. Both made me sleepy. I gained 25 lbs. (Since switching to Abilify I have already lost nine of those lbs). They helped with the other symptoms but not depression. Abilify saved my life.", "link_id": "t3_7igkiv", "time": 1512765227}}
{"dqy3kcm": {"text": "I grew up in churches. This is a real thing taught in many churches. Any decision made by the US or UN regarding Israel that didn't totally favor the Jewish people was regarded as an attempt to try to prevent the end times and was a sign of satanic interference. Total support of Israel and policies favoring the Jewish people in Israel were seen as hastening the end times. These churches celebrate war in the middle east. These are not just fundamentalist Baptist churches, but also other deeply conservative churches. This is definitely real.", "link_id": "t3_7i79o4", "time": 1512733206}}
{"dqxdc3i": {"text": "Still offering?", "link_id": "t3_7i48lp", "time": 1512691428}}
{"dqvx13f": {"text": "Im here if you need to talk.", "link_id": "t3_7i3s7q", "time": 1512619589}}
{"dqqwox6": {"text": "Its not just dominance, its the level of aggression required to maintain dominance. Females are exposed to huge amounts of testosterone in the womb and they think this is why they develop a phallus, and one theory is that the level of aggression seen in females is related to this. Females are also larger in this species.", "link_id": "t3_7hg2zp", "time": 1512393548}}
{"dqnw45l": {"text": "The Luvox is for intrusive thoughts and negative symptoms. I actually have schizoaffective bipolar, and Luvox is used for schizophrenia to treat those symptoms. It works fairly well for me.", "link_id": "t3_7h3546", "time": 1512236002}}
{"dqnu844": {"text": "I take lamictal and Luvox too", "link_id": "t3_7h3546", "time": 1512233722}}
{"dqnpidc": {"text": "I'm taking 10 mg right now but the doc said she might up it to 15 mg if I need it. I'm thinking of asking to up it for the depression and negative symptoms, but wasn't sure if that's really what's happening.", "link_id": "t3_7h325z", "time": 1512227664}}
{"dqhc854": {"text": "Absolutely. PM me and we can chat", "link_id": "t3_7g8pz1", "time": 1511913871}}
{"dpnbdn4": {"text": "Message me. I'll be up for a bit", "link_id": "t3_7c5b5q", "time": 1510363067}}
{"dpgwjpk": {"text": "When I was growing up, I had a neighbor who had a lab daschund mix, and it looked like someone took a lab and removed its legs and attached its feet to its body. The thing was as big as a lab everywhere else, but had daschund sized legs.", "link_id": "t3_7b941w", "time": 1510054896}}
{"dpgwftc": {"text": "My sister has a dog whose mother was a Chihuahua and father was a pitbull", "link_id": "t3_7b941w", "time": 1510054631}}
{"dp957eh": {"text": "Knowing that Alex understood rudimentary English, and knowing how vastly more complex whale language is, it is definitely not out of the question to try to actually communicate with whales. We taught apes sign language, and whale communication and social system is more complex than some apes. The social and language centers of orcas brains, for example, are perhaps even more complex than our own. Especially the social centers. That's one of the big objections to the separation of mother and offspring in water parks.", "link_id": "t3_7aasx4", "time": 1509650635}}
{"dp79ug9": {"text": "I absolutely LOVE Abilify. It saved my life. I have serious depression and suicidal thoughts at times and since taking Abilify, I can power right through them. It doesn't make me tired like risperdal did. If anything it helps with motivation and energy. The only side effects I have experienced are that I notice I have to occasional wipe my mouth because I feel like I am drooling (no one has said anything - and I have friends and family who would notice and tell me if it was obvious), and I occasional feel like I have a minor tic. ", "link_id": "t3_7a4ui0", "time": 1509562021}}
{"dp795qx": {"text": "You would be surprised what a professional can do to help you process and understand and deal with the problems and feelings you describe. I put it off for many years and I seriously regret not getting help sooner. If you don't want to go that route though, I am always willing to listen and help in any way I can.", "link_id": "t3_79ukms", "time": 1509561322}}
{"dp5k3az": {"text": "Have you ever talked to a doctor or therapist about any of this? ", "link_id": "t3_79ukms", "time": 1509474890}}
{"dp4x5ss": {"text": "Hey. I've been there. It does get better. You are full of potential, and love and hope are all around you. I'm here if you want to talk about your feelings or anything else. I've been on your side of things. I get the darkness. But know that there is light in your future.", "link_id": "t3_79ukms", "time": 1509445427}}
{"dp4scay": {"text": "Have you talked to your doctor about these feelings? There are lots of options for therapy, meds and other treatments. I have been to the point of wanting to die before. But there is always hope and love out there waiting for you. I am willing to talk if you need someone to listen to you. ", "link_id": "t3_79txs4", "time": 1509431317}}
{"dp4rwjr": {"text": "I would choose to know how. I think knowing when would make my life a constant ticking clock countdown. Knowing how might motivate me. \"Oh, I die from lung cancer? Better quit smoking so maybe I can prolong my life.\" ", "link_id": "t3_79temd", "time": 1509430267}}
{"dp4rml3": {"text": "Would you rather know HOW you die but not WHEN, or WHEN you die but not HOW?", "link_id": "t3_79temd", "time": 1509429622}}
{"dp4rhpw": {"text": "I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at 13 and didn't take meds until I was 26. Those 13 years involved so many poor choices and so much misery. I attempted suicide more than once. I damaged relationships permanently. I would love to go back and tell teenage me the meds that work for me and to stay on them. It would have changed my life so much. Then I would go see some dinos and prehistoric beasts.", "link_id": "t3_79tquw", "time": 1509429314}}
{"dp4qzxk": {"text": "Abilify has been amazing for me. It pulled me out of my seasonal depression and has me feeling more stable than I have in a long time. I haven't had the sleepiness I had with risperdal at all. If anything I feel more energized. I love Abilify ", "link_id": "t3_79rqd0", "time": 1509428229}}
{"dp4qwta": {"text": "Abilify has been amazing for me. I also take Luvox and Lamictal. Abilify is supposed to be more weight neutral than many others. Not taking meds because you might put on a few pounds is riskier than taking the meds and gaining 10 pounds. Risperdal made me gain weight, but Abilify hasn't.", "link_id": "t3_79s0ct", "time": 1509428050}}
{"dp4dlfr": {"text": "I like to make bracelets or keychains. There are simple patterns you can start with and advance to more complicated patterns. They become so automatic that you can do them while you watch TV. My daughter and I make them and sell them and donate the money to the Humane Society.", "link_id": "t3_79rfye", "time": 1509411329}}
{"dp4dgnh": {"text": "My son looked up the more intimidating Pokemon and picked Gengar for his pumpkin. I kinda like it. I found the pattern online and printed it out. He wanted a \"scary\" pumpkin but also wanted a Pokemon so that was my idea. Gengar looks like a pretty good monster.", "link_id": "t3_79rhw5", "time": 1509411186}}
{"dp220mq": {"text": "He was very drunk at that time. It wasn't normal behavior for him", "link_id": "t3_79gpxq", "time": 1509300160}}
{"dp20p7m": {"text": "Absolutely. One fifteen year old girl present for that would mean a sex offender charge. I'm sure there would be a gaggle of girls her age at her birthday party. He would not be laughing about being put in jail for sex crimes and permanently being on a sex offender status", "link_id": "t3_79gpxq", "time": 1509298694}}
{"dp20jqh": {"text": "Yes. I have an acquaintance who was on the sex offender list because of a public urination/indecent exposure charge where a minor witnessed him peeing on the side of a building. Naked at a fifteen year old girls birthday party would definitely put you on a list.", "link_id": "t3_79gpxq", "time": 1509298517}}
{"dp1oo86": {"text": "My sister kept asking my friend to hand her things and I jokingly said after a while \"Jesus, what does she look like? A slave?\" My friend was black.", "link_id": "t3_79f8ew", "time": 1509281551}}
{"dp1ohfy": {"text": "I'm 24 years older than my brother. He thinks he knows EVERYTHING about animals. I found a picture online of a turtle on a log and photoshopped it so it looked like it was in a tree. I then printed it on photo paper and casually showed him a pic of a \"tree turtle\". I talked about made up details of this turtle that lived in the woods up trees. The next time I went hiking with my parents, just as I expected, he regaled all of us with his tree turtle facts. I never laughed so hard in my life as my parents told him that none of it was true. I'm a terrible brother.", "link_id": "t3_79ez39", "time": 1509281147}}
{"dn39ha2": {"text": "Mostly good so far. I've been rapid cycling and my moods are unstable, but so far today has been pretty good.", "link_id": "t3_6x8vgd", "time": 1505582039}}
{"dmrv9p1": {"text": "Not great. Called in to work. Head hurts. ", "link_id": "t3_6x8vgd", "time": 1504969204}}
{"dmq5f88": {"text": "And how do you say Erin? Because both sound the same here, and rhyme with the way we pronounce barren. (I'm on the Eastern side of the US)", "link_id": "t3_6ysbil", "time": 1504870565}}
{"dmq3xqn": {"text": "I'm confused, because I know a couple girls named Erin, and it's pronounced exactly the same as Aaron. Zero difference. How do you pronounce them differently?", "link_id": "t3_6ysbil", "time": 1504867006}}
{"dmofdic": {"text": "I was diagnosed with bipolar as a teenager and they changed it to schizoaffective about two years ago", "link_id": "t3_6yjiyk", "time": 1504778855}}
{"dmnxf6f": {"text": "I have schizoaffective disorder as well", "link_id": "t3_6yjiyk", "time": 1504745279}}
{"dmnvw10": {"text": "They've had three posts in the past month, and none of the posts received any comments.", "link_id": "t3_6yjiyk", "time": 1504743248}}
{"dmn79we": {"text": "https://m.imgur.com/gallery/zs8Hy", "link_id": "t3_6yf881", "time": 1504715332}}
{"dmmcai4": {"text": "There are apps meant to be \"family calendars\" that would do this. ", "link_id": "t3_6y9yl9", "time": 1504662550}}
{"dmm76j4": {"text": "Add me", "link_id": "t3_6ybu0e", "time": 1504656284}}
{"dmm6nyv": {"text": "That works for me", "link_id": "t3_6xoaee", "time": 1504655654}}
{"dmm5qap": {"text": "GroupMe or Kik?", "link_id": "t3_6xoaee", "time": 1504654504}}
{"dmlxqdj": {"text": "That would be great, but I'm open to books on other topics by authors from traditions who focus on contemplative and calming more than charismatic approaches to worship", "link_id": "t3_6y9v4y", "time": 1504645223}}
{"dmkfbgz": {"text": "It's amazing.", "link_id": "t3_6y387z", "time": 1504564105}}
{"dmkdmyr": {"text": "https://youtu.be/J1c2KzJbcGA", "link_id": "t3_6y387z", "time": 1504561855}}
{"dmkcwiw": {"text": "My cousin had an abortion after she got pregnant by her first cousin from her mom's side of the family. They grew up together.", "link_id": "t3_6y350u", "time": 1504560895}}
{"dmkc067": {"text": "https://youtu.be/VT1-sitWRtY", "link_id": "t3_6y0c8a", "time": 1504559754}}
{"dmkbc88": {"text": "Interested. PM me if you're willing to email", "link_id": "t3_6xylon", "time": 1504558913}}
{"dmkbb4i": {"text": "Interested. PM me if interested", "link_id": "t3_6xwevt", "time": 1504558875}}
{"dmkb5ww": {"text": "Interested. PM me", "link_id": "t3_6x9i9v", "time": 1504558694}}
{"dmkb4dc": {"text": "I work days, but I'm up a sorts of hours sometimes and would be willing to email back and forth. If you're interested, pm me.", "link_id": "t3_6xyoc6", "time": 1504558640}}
{"dmkb0nn": {"text": "I'm a guy, but I tend to get along with women better than men too. I was raised with four sisters, I suppose that's a good part of the reason that's true. I'm 34 and live in NY and would love to talk. I'm a crazy person, which you'll see if you wander through my post history. Hopefully that's not a deal breaker, as I usually keep my support separate from my email friends. If you're interested in giving a guy a try as a penpal, let me know. If not, that's okay.", "link_id": "t3_6y0zh6", "time": 1504558513}}
{"dmk9mri": {"text": "I'd be interested in group chat", "link_id": "t3_6xoaee", "time": 1504556808}}
{"dmjyda7": {"text": "The churches I'm considering are Episcopal and Lutheran.", "link_id": "t3_6y15j9", "time": 1504543178}}
{"dmgzcid": {"text": "Good. I've been feeling better the last two days. Thanks for checking in. You really helped the other day when you listened.", "link_id": "t3_6x8vgd", "time": 1504368389}}
{"dmearcq": {"text": "I'm having lemon pepper chicken, some rice and broccoli. But anyways....I've been hearing voices the past couple days and it's been rough. I work full time and have been trying to get through my work day without acting crazy. I had a hectic week and some shit happened at work and then I have two friends/co-workers who are leaving not just work but the entire area, and that had me down and it just triggered an episode of depression and paranoia and hearing voices.I'm really firm about keeping my meds at a dose where I don't feel \"medicated\" if you know what I mean, so I do have occasional episodes like this. I'm just frustrated with my illness and debating whether to adjust my meds or not and feel like I make my wife worry too much when I talk to her about all of this.", "link_id": "t3_6x8vgd", "time": 1504215631}}
{"dmea8ha": {"text": "Took a shower and now I'm browsing Reddit while my wife makes dinner and trying to keep myself busy so I don't have issues.", "link_id": "t3_6x8vgd", "time": 1504215036}}
{"dme9grn": {"text": "What's up?", "link_id": "t3_6x8vgd", "time": 1504214172}}
{"dmdc178": {"text": "I just changed one of my meds and we are still trying to find the right dose. I didn't call my doctor last night, but I might today if I don't feel better. Sometimes stress and a shitty week can trigger symptoms even when I'm stable. I just feel like I stress out my family when I tell them about my struggles, and it makes me feel like a burden on them that they don't need since there's not really much they can do about it.", "link_id": "t3_6x2383", "time": 1504175342}}
{"dmchvyb": {"text": "How do you chat? Here? An app? Text message?", "link_id": "t3_6wwq33", "time": 1504127140}}
{"dlv2j47": {"text": "There are results that couldn't happen though. I'm AB- and my wife is AB+. Our kids can be positive or negative, with either A, B, or AB blood. If they are O type, they aren't ours. Similarly, two parents who both have O type couldn't have a child with anything other than O type. Blood is pretty easy to determine what is and isn't possible based on your parents. And my mom is B+ and my dad is A-. I know that off the top of my head and have for as long as I can remember.", "link_id": "t3_6unpah", "time": 1503188240}}
{"dlu5yt0": {"text": "Washington owned slaves for his entire adult life. Jackson owned slaves for his entire adult life. Franklin owned slaves as a young adult, but then freed them and became an abolitionist. Grant owned slaves before the civil war, but then freed them, and fought for the rights of blacks and native Americans after the war. All four owned slaves at some point in their adult life though.", "link_id": "t3_6ui2tx", "time": 1503137878}}
{"dlgyj2c": {"text": "I always give people the benefit of the doubt on this one. I drive a van for work regularly, and there's a GPS in the van and we get written up if we go more than five over the speed limit. I always go five under in a work van.", "link_id": "t3_6syk1e", "time": 1502453647}}
