{"fjd1ww4": {"text": "Just 100 mg, once daily!", "link_id": "t3_fctcwu", "time": 1583243605}}
{"fjd0jd6": {"text": "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to badger you with any of this! I apologize. I'm just worried and really hoping that it's the Lamictal, because I'm travelling in less than 3 weeks and the country I'm going to has shit physical health care, not even thinking about mental health care. If it doesn't stop there, I'm literally walking into a lion's den. I will ask my doc about this. I see him tonight, so hopefully we can get somewhere with it.", "link_id": "t3_fctd7a", "time": 1583242564}}
{"fjd0aeg": {"text": "Oh, I never really thought of it like that. I guess I can overwrite sometimes, but I thought that was just a part of me, hehe. It's also weird cuz I don't notice any racing thoughts in the daytime, I feel pretty 'normal' (that's a bad way to put it, but ya get what I mean). Like, I'm not having the animation reel during the day time, at all. When I asked someone on here about it, they said it sounds more like dissociation, but I guess the same thing/action can mean different things for different people. Really? Do you get sleepy during the day, at all? It might be doing this weird thing for me where it's activating and sedating at the same time. Or, maybe, the lil bit of sedation is the Lamictal, and the rest is another 'phase change'. 6.5 hrs ain't enough sleep, you're right. I so desperately want to do better, but no matter how I try, I just cannot sleep more than a couple or few hours a night as of late. And, like you said, that lessened sleep is probably contributing to my animation reel situation, cuz I don't get that when I get enough sleep; it's usually when I'm far into not sleeping (amongst other things).", "link_id": "t3_fctdf5", "time": 1583242368}}
{"fjczax5": {"text": "Hmmm....that may be the case. I was getting worried because I always get really vivid dreams for about a week before I start a hypo/manic episode, and at that point it hits me like a truck. The Lamictal dreams before were vivid, but they weren't *this* vivid....they were '2-D' and these are '3-D' and I always get '3-D' when manic, if that makes sense. And, it's been a few weeks since I upped my Lamictal, and these are just starting now, whereas I got weird dreams pretty quickly after starting the 50 mg. But, even, maybe it's just taken a while for my body to absorb really, and the 100 mg just has much stronger effects, even if delayed. Thank you for going into the science of it all! It helps to know what's actually being done to my brain as I'm taking meds for it. I'll definitely grab extra proteins, fats, and vitamins and minerals, as my diet has been piss poor for a while and I know that's not helping.", "link_id": "t3_fctd7a", "time": 1583241572}}
{"fjcyz3j": {"text": "Exactly! There's always a lapse for me too, into much worse. Only once this didn't happen, and it was a very brief hypomanic episode, while well medicated and really taking care of my health and keeping close contact w/my doctor on a weekly basis. Only once. I'm starting to realize even sooner too. Haha, trying to get out of hypo is hard! It kickstarted my starting 2 months of overdue school work, and if I didn't have that hypo ep, I never would've started it or had such drive. Of course, it quickly devolved into a nasty mixed episode (how I finished all that work in a couple of weeks, on top of that, the world may never know) and, of course in this state, I decided to delay starting some much needed meds. My doctor is very kind, and would never outwardly chastise me (only rarely), but I could tell he was furious. It's not a good road.Lol, I'm sorry I'm being such a chatty Cathy this morning, barely got sleep last night.", "link_id": "t3_fcmpf2", "time": 1583241297}}
{"fjcvblg": {"text": "Since Jan 29 (50 mg). Switched to 100 mg on Feb 19!", "link_id": "t3_fctd7a", "time": 1583237983}}
{"fjcuz7w": {"text": "Sorry, no, that's within the dreams! Up to this point, it's been all dreams. Sorry for the confusion.", "link_id": "t3_fctd7a", "time": 1583237638}}
{"fjcu11e": {"text": "Ahhh, fuck. I literally just got out of a moderate mixed episode 3 weeks ago, after a hypomanic one before that, after a 2.5-month depressive one before that. One after another. This rapid cycling life ain't for me. I guess the Lamictal isnt helping as much as I thought.", "link_id": "t3_fctcwu", "time": 1583236643}}
{"fjctwuo": {"text": "Kinda gotta agree with u/saspatz007 here. My hypomanias feel wonderful....until they don't. And real mania ensues. Full fledged, I'm arguing with my brother on the side of the road because why CAN'T I spend another $200 on a third, beat up, useless bike I'll never ride, getting paranoid and ready to beat up anyone on the street that locks eye contact with me, and riding trains into the night till 6AM in the morning for no reason. I get 'better' for a few days, then it gets miserable or mixed, and then the crash is inglorious. For most people, there are no 'good' sides to mania. Maybe preferred, especially to depression, but never really 'good'. It never lasts.", "link_id": "t3_fcmpf2", "time": 1583236515}}
{"fjcs2q5": {"text": "Thank you :) I'm happy you got there! Hopefully I get there soon :/", "link_id": "t3_fc1oaa", "time": 1583234383}}
{"fjcs1af": {"text": "So sorry, I never replied to you! I've been coming to reddit only every couple of days lately and missing comments. I might see about the minimum dosage and see if that does anything, actually. I've been taking Lamictal 50 mg since Jan 29, then 100 mg since Feb 19, so it's still kinda new. It's just been killer to adjust to. You're right, I should take it at a regular time and try to be ready for bed at the same time. I've been taking it in the day, sleeping for a few hours in the day, then staying up most of the night. Not sustainable. But, I keep forgetting, and need to stop that. Hmmm, mytherapy? I need to get on it! Relying on memory doesn't work, esp if I forget after taking a huge meal, which is the whole point of the meal, lol. Ughhh, I'm down too! Anything without these stupid side effects. We get enough from just bipolar alone.", "link_id": "t3_fc1o0f", "time": 1583234334}}
{"fj8worb": {"text": "I might talk to him about it. Maybe there's a way I'm not taking it right, but I really wanna find something that doesn't mess with my life so much and still works :(", "link_id": "t3_fc1oaa", "time": 1583124334}}
{"fj8wmny": {"text": "Sorry, I should've specified, I take Geodon as well, which requires a bigger meal. But maybe, I can stagger taking these meds, take Geodon with an earlier meal, and just remember the Lamictal right before bed.", "link_id": "t3_fc1oaa", "time": 1583124286}}
{"fj3lg42": {"text": "Ahhh, I see. I'm realizing it might've been that my anxiety was on high, I don't like change in general (and this was a change in my routine), and I'm not good with people while alone. Once I got alone, and in a familiar setting, I felt a lot better.", "link_id": "t3_f9wbvq", "time": 1582987086}}
{"fj3ldwg": {"text": "Sorry, it's been a rough couple days! And, thank you! Really tho....I think I was just out of sorts because of a change in my routine, and fear of being around people while alone (less so the alone part) exacerbated things. I'm not good with change, and I forgot that, lol. Right?! It just makes me feel more at ease, cuz I'm worried about the stress of later! And trying to reduce that added stress in my life (by adding more stress over the whole thing, go figure lol). Thank you :) I hope you take care, yourself!", "link_id": "t3_f9wbvq", "time": 1582987038}}
{"fivk1u2": {"text": "I see that a little more clearly now. Life is a subjective experience, and everything isn't cuz of bipolar (or whichever illness). Similarly, people do have different relationships to being alone. It is nice to know, or I take some comfort in that fact that, it's less likely to pathologize experiences when remembering we all 'suffer existence' as you said, differently. It just helps to know other people might suffer similarly in the way that I do!", "link_id": "t3_f9wbvq", "time": 1582761855}}
{"fiv04p5": {"text": "Lol, I definitely did not expect a straight answer, and do appreciate you going into depth with yours. I can see how dealing with bipolar can make people prefer to not be alone, and simultaneously why people might choose to actually be alone because of it. Probably not for different reasons either. I don't wanna go on diagnosing the people you've mentioned (who aren't diagnosed) alongside ya, and there are people who don't have bipolar who struggle with this some as well, but that does sound like a lot to deal with. I wish I weren't so dependent on people, I feel. I need friends. I *can* be alone, but my life just feels bland without people in it. Idk. I can only talk to and think to myself for so long. But, that's just my experience. I'm sorry that you're struggling with wanting to be more alone and not really getting that. It's rough when you have responsibilities like, I guess, a family.", "link_id": "t3_f9wbvq", "time": 1582751400}}
{"fiusrhv": {"text": "Thank you. You're right, those are steps number 1 (and 2). I'm starting to develop my support system, and my friends and family are closer to the side of understanding than not (my family, I still need to work on some, but my friends have been really understanding and haven't treated me differently, and I owe so much to my psychologist and even psychiatrist). I'm gonna remember to not give in to toxic people, and make sure to let go of any that come my way. This subreddit has been inspiring as well. Has some people that come at you sideways (or should I say, have come at *me* sideways), but for the most part, supportive and inspiring.", "link_id": "t3_f8d909", "time": 1582747587}}
{"fiuqnll": {"text": "Wow, that's amazing!! I'm so happy for you. You really did find the love you deserve :) Also so happy to hear you're healthier than ever. I'm wishing you that it keeps up!! (And hope to someday reach that point)", "link_id": "t3_f8d909", "time": 1582746450}}
{"fiup3be": {"text": "Thanks for responding! I feel you so much. I'm realizing I might not be as well as I thought, since this is happening. My mood is pretty stable, and I even felt calm most of this time, besides today of course. At the same time, I've started having the same kind of dreams I have when manic and my sense of smell last night was on TEN. I kept smelling food when there was none....one second it'd be barbecue....the next it was oatmeal. Oatmeal persisted for most of the time. No one had cooked anything that day. And, I always get anxiety or paranoia when manic (or mixed manic). So I'm scared now. I feel bad, because you congratulated me too soon. I didn't end up doing it. I was close, and found a coffee shop that could work, but it didn't have good outlets, and that's another stressor for me, not knowing I'll be secure in using my laptop the whole time. For some reason, I need that security, or I get anxious. So, I went to my childhood program's brownstone where there's obviously outlets, open space, and I feel a lot more familiarity. I wish I could feel glad at pushing myself, but I just didn't make it this time.", "link_id": "t3_f9wbvq", "time": 1582745620}}
{"fiuoezg": {"text": "Thanks for responding! Wow, that's the complete opposite of me, lol.Ya know, ya might be onto something there. I'm not sure if you saw my edit (guessing no, lol) but, the main gist is I kept feeling anxious in all these different coffee shops with people, while alone, but as I went to more coffee shops, I started to feel better. Then went to one, with so many less people, and felt fine. 'Safe' maybe is the word (just left cuz of no outlets).I'm at my childhood program's brownstone, where everyone's working. It is so familiar to me (going on 10 years, coming to this place), and I see a few familiar faces, but I spend most of the time myself. I feel at ease. Somehow, something about there being *someone* there (not even that I talk to or really see, just knowing their presence is there, somewhere), while simultaneously being fairly 'alone', or to myself, is like the perfect balance for me. Ya know, aside from being with friends or family. While I'm pretty familiar with most people at the brownstone, I'm not familiar with everyone and there are new faces. But it doesn't phase me.I also get anxiety (I'm realizing) from things themselves not being 'secure' (ie. I prefer my phone to be at 100% all the time, I DON'T work at places where I'm not guaranteed an outlet for fear my laptop dies, etc. ) so not finding an outlet was additionally distressing to me. Thankfully, all the outlets I need at my brownstone.", "link_id": "t3_f9wbvq", "time": 1582745255}}
{"fiunlnb": {"text": "I feel this so heavily. SO heavily. And, I actually still live with someone (they just work an insane amount, so I'm usually home alone). I'm so scared of when I'll actually have to live alone -- how will I cope? YES! It's easier to have someone to bounce ideas off of, force me to leave the house, just have as company. My friends get me out often enough, but they're busy themselves and a lot have left the city, so it's just me often. I'm finding myself very uncomfortable with it.", "link_id": "t3_f9wbdz", "time": 1582744820}}
{"fiunc5q": {"text": "Thank you so much for commenting! This is honestly the worst (or one of the worst, Idk). I used to have near constant anxiety as a teen, but it's been five years since I've had that. Literally went away nearly overnight (probably more like, over a couple of weeks). No meds. I've had anxiety during episodes, but never outside of one. Maybe it's just coming back or something. I usually have no place to be and just stay at home (more of that, 'why should I' thing happening, if not seeing friends or going to an appt), but I've become increasingly dissatisfied with that. (Also diagnosed ADHD actually, what are the odds. Actually, surprisingly common I'm realizing, lol.) My body is likely reacting with nausea too. I actually have gastrointestinal issues (at one point, constant trips to the ER), but the 'feel' of nausea from anxiety and discomfort from physical issues is actually different to me. Usually I can tell. Probably because other symptoms accompany the anxiety, like feeling out of breath, or even just feeling pressure in my skin (it's hard to explain). I want to get out more and be around people more. And, I have no trouble doing it with my friends. But, doing it alone is really, really hard, I'm finding. Today was awful. I have no idea why.", "link_id": "t3_f9wbdz", "time": 1582744677}}
{"fiumowp": {"text": "That's similar to me! I get terrible paranoia during some manic phases, and terrible anxiety during others (and they often collide) so it's awful. I thought I wasn't in a manic phase, or entering one at all, but I've started having the same kind of dreams I have when manic and my sense of smell last night was on TEN. I kept smelling food when there was none....one second it'd be barbecue....the next it was oatmeal. Oatmeal persisted for most of the time. No one had cooked anything that day. Hmmmm....", "link_id": "t3_f9wazj", "time": 1582744328}}
{"fitatoz": {"text": "Hey there! I'm so sorry I'm just responding to you now. It's been a really, really, REALLY crazy few days. Don't apologize for your longer comment!! I asked, lol. Plus, I love long comments (and sadly, love writing them as well, lol)Ahh, I see. I never knew what I was doing was dissociating till now. Just thought it was something weird to do, but just something I was doing. It is hard to explain, I'm realizing now. It does help to know I'm not alone in doing this. I also can't imagine how difficult flashbacks are, and not knowing what you're remembering, whether you are correctly, whether there's more to the picture, etc. Thank you for outlining the differences between bipolar and borderline for me. I do feel sometimes (or maybe more than sometimes) that I've been misdiagnosed, and maybe it's borderline instead. I think part of it's the fear that, 'hey, I was misdiagnosed the first time (MDD), what if this is the same', ya know? I don't relate to the fear of abandonment, or need to be perfect (tho, I am a perfectionist when it comes to school, and feel calmer when things are in 'order', like shapes, lines on the road, things on a desk, etc.), and while I weigh people's opinions, I do tend to go my own way. I sometimes weigh people's opinions on the internet too much tho (lol), over my own friends even because I fear sometimes they're just saying what they want me to say and not telling me the truth to not offend me. But, I'm getting better at that. I've never had a romantic partner (I'm ace), so I'm now sure if I could be borderline since that's often how people 'find out' it seems like. I do have very stable, strong friendships, and I have a strong relationship with family, though that hasn't always been the case (wasn't my fault, we all didn't fuck with each other until family therapy, lol). I also used to feel very empty all the time, but I also was very depressed most of the time and I know that's one of the symptoms of depression, so Idk. I don't feel 'happy' when manic, but I don't feel exactly empty. Just fake, like I know this energy isn't real. I'd say I have a stable sense of self (and usually go back to the same hobbies or interests, or keep the same interests in hobbies I haven't touched yet; I've had the same goals for a career for the past 8 years, my major's just changed 2x when I realized the best way to get to it), and my family and friends would too, but I have terrible issues with self-esteem and self-confidence. Although, my therapist of 6 years says I don't have the 'feel' or cluster of borderline symptoms, and the family therapist (on and off) of about 4 years says the same when I asked her, almost word for word. So Idk. I also know that practitioners tend to not diagnose borderline unless it's extremely obvious or dangerous for the person, so I'm not sure if there's bias there either. Can I share my experiences with you, maybe through chat, to see if they resonate? I wonder if I should get a 'third' opinion. I'm fearful that I've been misdiagnosed, and like you said, dual diagnoses do happen, pretty commonly. Especially with bipolar, it seems (although, of course, it is possible to only have one diagnosis as well). I was previously diagnosed with MDD (obviously) and with a milder case of general anxiety, but the anxiety went away completely for almost 5 years. Now, with my episodes, I'm finding increased panic attacks and general sense of anxiety, which my doctor wants to make a note of. The anxiety mostly halts once I'm out of the manic (or mixed) episode, but I guess it's cause for concern. But, if I possibly have borderline too, that's a whole different ballgame. You're absolutely right in that borderline hasn't been researched enough. (Dual diagnosis neither). I fear that my practitioners only see a very specific manifestation of borderline in mind when they consider me, and maybe I have a 'quieter' case. Idk. It'd just be nice to get some clarity. I hope to get a proper test on it soon to see.", "link_id": "t3_ew9b2b", "time": 1582712555}}
{"fit9ume": {"text": "Hey there, I'm so sorry I haven't replied to you until now. It's been a really crazy few days. Thank you so much for going into so much detail! I love learning about other people's experiences, and relating to them, so it means a lot. I'm so sorry that you've struggled with intense bullying and abuse at the hands of your brother, first of all. I had struggles with relating to kids in school, and only ever physically fought with my brother, but that's not the same and it was difficult for me even then. No child should have to go through that. I was additionally diagnosed with ADHD, impulsive-/hyperactive-type (a sign of what's yet to come?). My doctor believes it checks out since, looking back on it, I was definitely in a euthymic mood during the testing, and I've since been on medications and still struggled with ADHD symptoms, but I get it, it is the go to diagnosis for kids when mental illness is usually what's at play. A lot of the weird things I did, I explained it away with ADHD when, no, that was mania. Full stop. Also get you blocking out having dysthymia at such a young age. It can be traumatic to find out you have chronic mental illness, especially so young, and there's even an element of not understanding what exactly that even means. I similarly got the 'why are you so depressed' feedback when I was a teen (tho I had many reasons to be), when not in 'happy' mode. Though, those happy modes were few and far between (my mania is usually either dysphoric or mixed), so it was moreso between 'why are you so depressed?' and 'why are you so angry?' Not really space for anything in between. Also went through the whole 'my moods are so much worse than everyone else, why is this happening?' I explained it away with, there was a lot happening at home at the time, but even then. There were other people in school going through a lot, and they were managing much better. I never thought of bipolar though. I just thought they were character flaws, or I couldn't handle myself, or I was 'crazy' without even realizing what crazy could mean. I'm so sorry you went through that at 16. That sounds terrifying. The cutting (and the pain to go that far), the manic whims, the eating disorder and body dysmorphia....that's all so severe to go through as a person, but even more when you're just a teen. I'm glad you're mom tried to seek help, but it's a sad fact that antidepressants (especially alone) usually don't help with depression (and if they do, they don't last long), and often propel people into mania.That's also so beautiful what you're dad did! (I'm in love with nature too, it calms me down.) But it's sadly not exactly what you needed (obviously helped, for that time, but you needed accurate medical treatment, but most people don't think bipolar first, so the diagnosis is always delayed. It's a shame hospitals also don't admit patients when they feel they're at risk. It always seems like they're forcibly admitting people when they don't want it though (now, want and need are different things, but I've heard horror stories where the person really didn't warrant admission, so Idk). It sounds like that hospital stay was terrible even when you went, I can't imagine the constant bleeding, and it's a shame that no one thought to do anything about it because that's VERY dangerous for a woman. Regular periods deplete our iron enough (it fucks me up cuz I'm anemic). Seroquel is a med that does help some with bipolar, but it often comes with it's own challenges, and the constant antidepressants still weren't helping. It sounds like that program was a real stabilizing force for you. I'm glad that you did it, and only sad that you couldn't continue. School is hard on people with mental illness, and fellow peers just don't understand. Also feel you about going off meds for weeks at a time, I did the same in my first year (hell, even as recent as a month ago), and it always takes sooooo long to regulate. And in the meantime, the episodes are taking their time. It's agony. In some ways, it sucks when therapists sort of 'abandon' you, but it's best they don't keep treating you when they're out of their element. It led to your diagnosis which is the best thing that could've happened, even though it feels like a death sentence. It felt like that for me too. That I'd be unlovable (while already feeling pretty unlovable), this is the disease that people fear and stigmatize and, yes, make fun of, and I was doing stigmatizing of my own (that's internalized in all of us) by saying '*that* bipolar?? *That's* what I have?? No way!!' (Meanwhile, how do you explain my behavior? The fucked up shit I've done?) I'm so glad that you're doing so much better!! Probably feels like 'finally!' to you. I'm trying to get there, but I'm on my way. (I'm titrating up on lamotrigine as we speak, lol, and am on geodon. I liked abilify more but it 'pooped out' on me, surprising enough). It is really weird that the program never mentioned that possibility, but professionals do veer away from diagnosing bipolar in teens, so I guess I see it. Could've saved a lot of pain though. It's always a work in progress on the shame that we feel in our diagnoses, and the understanding that it's lifelong management. But I feel, the better we manage, the less we feel it and moreso it's just like, I don't know, another part of our life. At least, that's the dream, for me. That's amazing you found your love! And have a good support system to get through the paranoia (I've only had paranoia a few times when manic, and that shit fucks me up even for weeks after I 'get over' it, so I really feel for you). Thank you so much again for sharing your story with me, and I'm so glad it has a 'happy' ending, so to speak. It gives me hope. From a youngin (I'm 22 myself lol) to another, I'm wishing you light and joy and continuous love from this point onward.", "link_id": "t3_f8d9bo", "time": 1582711241}}
{"fit64h2": {"text": "Hey there! I'm so sorry I'm just responding right now, it's been a wild few days. And, hey I get what you mean about the stability. I keep wondering to myself, 'bipolar? is it really that?? NO way' but then some shit happens and I'm like, yep that shits obvious. There's something up with me. I feel the same way! Looking back, I don't know how I could've missed all the signs. And somehow, it's still hard to believe it's the truth, even nearly 2 years out from diagnosis. It's a rough path. But, thank you, it's really needed. I hope that you have a better time than I do with skill development and med regimens. I realllllllly went through it that first year because I didn't adhere, or I kept denying, and I really didn't have to. Was completely preventable.", "link_id": "t3_f8d8g7", "time": 1582706177}}
{"fit5we1": {"text": "Hey, so sorry I'm just responding now, it's been a crazy few days. I'm so sorry you suffered abuse at the hands of your ex. I wish you therapist could've told you earlier somehow, but I understand the rationale. She was trying to keep you safe. I'm glad that you've been healing and getting better! I hope the journey from here on it is easier and you find better loves along that way that you deserve &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f8d909", "time": 1582705875}}
{"fit5snn": {"text": "Hey there, so sorry I'm just responding now!! It's been a wild few days. I see what you mean. I wish I could have that perspective, as I still feel tied to the trauma of my past, though of course haven't gone through nearly as much as you have. I want to use it as an opportunity to do better. You really are right, we're all survivors here &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f8d909", "time": 1582705737}}
{"fit5iqv": {"text": "Thank you so much &lt;3 I will!", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1582705376}}
{"fit59ux": {"text": "Hey!! Thank you so much for checking in &lt;3 It means a lot. It's been a LONG few days, for other reasons, but on the school front I've decided on my time away I'm gonna peel back and try to do a couple classes a term at my local college and really hone in on my mental health plan so I feel better situated. I think creating an environment where I'm not in the deep end all the time while getting adequate help will help me in deciding if long term, this makes sense. For now, I'm gonna keep trying :)I've also decided, I think I'm transferring schools. It'll be a lot to make work, but my own psychologist said she's NOT writing me a letter to return there (which is the primary letter needed in order to come back after my medical leave) because she feels medically irresponsible letting me go back to a place that has shown time and time again they don't offer me support. Sooooo....everyone's telling me to leave, aside from 1 or 2 people, I might as well go. It'll be difficult but I think it'll improve my mental health since I also hate the school and it's 3000 miles away from home.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1582705055}}
{"fikug46": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 It's hard to remember, but I hope I do figure it out :)", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1582487518}}
{"fikttrz": {"text": "Thank you for sharing! I'm so sorry you started struggling so young. Seems like a common theme with all of us. I'm glad your parents intervened. I totally get you with the first feel of mania. Everything feels amazing at the start, like life finally comes together. I, like all of us, also become a different person. My mom recently told me she's so happy that I'm finally, calmly, relaxingly happy for once. I'm always, as she explained it, 'chiggy chiggy chiggy chiggy chiggy chiggy' (she says it really fast, while wailing her arms), basically, like a motor working itself on fumes, when usually 'happy' (re: manic). I'm still doubting my diagnosis and want to get an official psych test to just prove it to myself, once and for all. My family was surprised, because of how they perceived bipolar to be (ie. the media, etc.), but they weren't shocked when they thought more of it because something had been so WRONG with me this whole time. Though, there are some things mania gave/gives me that I would never do on my own. It sounds like it's done some similar things for you, like living out your truth while trans. I can sometimes be thankful for that, at least.", "link_id": "t3_f8d9bo", "time": 1582487172}}
{"fikt14r": {"text": "Okay, here's my history, lol:Nothing really happened until I was 16. I'd try and miss school when I was younger, because I often felt sick.I've dealt with a lot of trauma, a lot of loss. Core family members dying every 3 members, a housefire, mom's sickness, brother's sickness, mom's unemployment as a teen, ALL the issues with my father (and his own sickness and death), near foreclosure....those are just SOME of the heavy hitters. Haven't even gotten to the smaller stuff. So, a lot of it started when I was 16 (I'm 22 now). I just thought suddenly getting depressed was reactions to those things, and also to a really stressful school environment (went to boarding school). Once, I impulsively swallowed a bunch of pills cuz I risked getting a school demerit, then immediately told the nurses and was sent away (no hospitalization). Thought nothing of it. The depressions always lasted 2-3 months, felt terrible, but would eventually lift. And, I never got em in the summer. I was always very productive and happy in the summers. Eventually, my depressions would trade off and I'd get increasingly angry and agitated. Storm my campus, want to pick fights, trash my room, stand outside in blizzards crying at a flag pole, stuff like that. I'd also do strange things to get a rush at times, like going into Blizzard Juno with no coldwear on, for a few hours outside, because I wanted ice cream. Things like that. Not really crazy, but odd. I was also dealing with a lot of physical health challenges at the time (gastrointestinal issues, severe asthma, always fainting) so that didn't help. I'm getting to college, and things are getting more erratic. I'd ridden the trains throughout the night in NYC (my home) one day towards the end of high school (switched schools at this point), just cuz I felt like it. At college, my first year, I had a manic episode where I got through a term's worth of work in 2 weeks, after not doing it at all (was depressed, hated my school, got a concussion, etc.). Thought nothing of it. Then was depressed for a couple months, thought it was all cuz I hated the school. Had a few weeks of great productivity and mood, thought nothing of it. Then, had a bad mixed episode (shaved my head, barged into my chem lecture sopping wet from taking a shower w/clothes on right before, going on rants outside to my friends' horror on the stupidity of classmates I didn't even know, etc.) I was developing paranoia and dreams that still felt real long after I had them, and decided this isn't normal. Booked an early ticket home, missed finals, then plunged into a depression where I saw sepia and my psychomotor function was disrupted (much slowed). I told my mom again I felt like ending things, and I'm finally hospitalized. There I get my bipolar diagnosis, then I switch, nearly overnight, to mania while in the hospital and they heavily sedate me to bring me down (gotta love Haldol, among others). Since then, it's been a mix of mania, mixed episodes, and depressions (and suspected rapid cycling). One depression lasted 8 months. Still in the same cycles of, not able to do hw for most of the term (depressed), and then make it all up in a couple weeks when hypo/manic. I want to get better at that.  The SSRIs never worked for me, but no one ever thought that maybe there's something wrong with that. Everyone attributed my depressions to being situational because I always had so much going on, and school was stressful. 'Everyone's depressed these days.' No one thought it could be biochemical.I'm still surprised, and largely deny it to myself on the daily, despite taking my meds. But I know what I'm like when off meds. Besides being the girl who makes up a lotta work in no time and has all these ideas for jobs and shit, I'm also the girl that just...can't get it together. And drags everyone down in the process. Makes people scared for me. I don't want to do that anymore, and so meds here I come.", "link_id": "t3_f8d909", "time": 1582486733}}
{"fikt09o": {"text": "Okay, here's my history, lol:Nothing really happened until I was 16. I'd try and miss school when I was younger, because I often felt sick.I've dealt with a lot of trauma, a lot of loss. Core family members dying every 3 members, a housefire, mom's sickness, brother's sickness, mom's unemployment as a teen, ALL the issues with my father (and his own sickness and death), near foreclosure....those are just SOME of the heavy hitters. Haven't even gotten to the smaller stuff. So, a lot of it started when I was 16 (I'm 22 now). I just thought suddenly getting depressed was reactions to those things, and also to a really stressful school environment (went to boarding school). Once, I impulsively swallowed a bunch of pills cuz I risked getting a school demerit, then immediately told the nurses and was sent away (no hospitalization). Thought nothing of it. The depressions always lasted 2-3 months, felt terrible, but would eventually lift. And, I never got em in the summer. I was always very productive and happy in the summers. Eventually, my depressions would trade off and I'd get increasingly angry and agitated. Storm my campus, want to pick fights, trash my room, stand outside in blizzards crying at a flag pole, stuff like that. I'd also do strange things to get a rush at times, like going into Blizzard Juno with no coldwear on, for a few hours outside, because I wanted ice cream. Things like that. Not really crazy, but odd. I was also dealing with a lot of physical health challenges at the time (gastrointestinal issues, severe asthma, always fainting) so that didn't help. I'm getting to college, and things are getting more erratic. I'd ridden the trains throughout the night in NYC (my home) one day towards the end of high school (switched schools at this point), just cuz I felt like it. At college, my first year, I had a manic episode where I got through a term's worth of work in 2 weeks, after not doing it at all (was depressed, hated my school, got a concussion, etc.). Thought nothing of it. Then was depressed for a couple months, thought it was all cuz I hated the school. Had a few weeks of great productivity and mood, thought nothing of it. Then, had a bad mixed episode (shaved my head, barged into my chem lecture sopping wet from taking a shower w/clothes on right before, going on rants outside to my friends' horror on the stupidity of classmates I didn't even know, etc.) I was developing paranoia and dreams that still felt real long after I had them, and decided this isn't normal. Booked an early ticket home, missed finals, then plunged into a depression where I saw sepia and my psychomotor function was disrupted (much slowed). I told my mom again I felt like ending things, and I'm finally hospitalized. There I get my bipolar diagnosis, then I switch, nearly overnight, to mania while in the hospital and they heavily sedate me to bring me down (gotta love Haldol, among others). Since then, it's been a mix of mania, mixed episodes, and depressions (and suspected rapid cycling). One depression lasted 8 months. Still in the same cycles of, not able to do hw for most of the term (depressed), and then make it all up in a couple weeks when hypo/manic. I want to get better at that.  The SSRIs never worked for me, but no one ever thought that maybe there's something wrong with that. Everyone attributed my depressions to being situational because I always had so much going on, and school was stressful. 'Everyone's depressed these days.' No one thought it could be biochemical.I'm still surprised, and largely deny it to myself on the daily, despite taking my meds. But I know what I'm like when off meds. Besides being the girl who makes up a lotta work in no time and has all these ideas for jobs and shit, I'm also the girl that just...can't get it together. And drags everyone down in the process. Makes people scared for me. I don't want to do that anymore, and so meds here I come.", "link_id": "t3_f8d9bo", "time": 1582486720}}
{"fikstyd": {"text": "Okay, here's my history, lol:Nothing really happened until I was 16. I'd try and miss school when I was younger, because I often felt sick.I've dealt with a lot of trauma, a lot of loss. Core family members dying every 3 members, a housefire, mom's sickness, brother's sickness, mom's unemployment as a teen, ALL the issues with my father (and his own sickness and death), near foreclosure....those are just SOME of the heavy hitters. Haven't even gotten to the smaller stuff. So, a lot of it started when I was 16 (I'm 22 now). I just thought suddenly getting depressed was reactions to those things, and also to a really stressful school environment (went to boarding school). Once, I impulsively swallowed a bunch of pills cuz I risked getting a school demerit, then immediately told the nurses and was sent away (no hospitalization). Thought nothing of it. The depressions always lasted 2-3 months, felt terrible, but would eventually lift. And, I never got em in the summer. I was always very productive and happy in the summers. Eventually, my depressions would trade off and I'd get increasingly angry and agitated. Storm my campus, want to pick fights, trash my room, stand outside in blizzards crying at a flag pole, stuff like that. I'd also do strange things to get a rush at times, like going into Blizzard Juno with no coldwear on, for a few hours outside, because I wanted ice cream. Things like that. Not really crazy, but odd. I was also dealing with a lot of physical health challenges at the time (gastrointestinal issues, severe asthma, always fainting) so that didn't help. I'm getting to college, and things are getting more erratic. I'd ridden the trains throughout the night in NYC (my home) one day towards the end of high school (switched schools at this point), just cuz I felt like it. At college, my first year, I had a manic episode where I got through a term's worth of work in 2 weeks, after not doing it at all (was depressed, hated my school, got a concussion, etc.). Thought nothing of it. Then was depressed for a couple months, thought it was all cuz I hated the school. Had a few weeks of great productivity and mood, thought nothing of it. Then, had a bad mixed episode (shaved my head, barged into my chem lecture sopping wet from taking a shower w/clothes on right before, going on rants outside to my friends' horror on the stupidity of classmates I didn't even know, etc.) I was developing paranoia and dreams that still felt real long after I had them, and decided this isn't normal. Booked an early ticket home, missed finals, then plunged into a depression where I saw sepia and my psychomotor function was disrupted (much slowed). I told my mom again I felt like ending things, and I'm finally hospitalized. There I get my bipolar diagnosis, then I switch, nearly overnight, to mania while in the hospital and they heavily sedate me to bring me down (gotta love Haldol, among others). Since then, it's been a mix of mania, mixed episodes, and depressions (and suspected rapid cycling). One depression lasted 8 months. Still in the same cycles of, not able to do hw for most of the term (depressed), and then make it all up in a couple weeks when hypo/manic. I want to get better at that.  The SSRIs never worked for me, but no one ever thought that maybe there's something wrong with that. Everyone attributed my depressions to being situational because I always had so much going on, and school was stressful. 'Everyone's depressed these days.' No one thought it could be biochemical.I'm still surprised, and largely deny it to myself on the daily, despite taking my meds. But I know what I'm like when off meds. Besides being the girl who makes up a lotta work in no time and has all these ideas for jobs and shit, I'm also the girl that just...can't get it together. And drags everyone down in the process. Makes people scared for me. I don't want to do that anymore, and so meds here I come.", "link_id": "t3_f8d8g7", "time": 1582486627}}
{"fikqydg": {"text": "Oh my gosh, same age! I'm sorry you've been suffering so long, since childhood :/ And, that you also lost so much to get here. But, I'm glad you're doing so well now :) Here's to hoping you mostly gain (and not lose) from here on out &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f8d8g7", "time": 1582485576}}
{"fikptoa": {"text": "Oh my gosh!! I can relate SO heavily to this. Starting at 16, I was the 'depressed' teen, who when not depressed, was angry, or bombastic even. I also did the whole walking at night thing. I think it was a lot of depression and mixed episodes for me too. Never did drugs or cutting, but can relate to wanting to do anything to get rid of the pain. I had my first major depressive episode earlier, but they'd only last 2-3 months at most. I had my first scary scary depressive ep when I was 20, it had psychotic elements to it. Then, depressed for 8 months straight as well. My depressive episodes could get scary before those two, but those ones really shook me. At one point, I wanted to die every day, but it was resigned. Like, waking up and saying 'Oh, I'm still here? So sad.' I wish I'd never wake up, but knew I couldn't actively do that to my family, so I just felt trapped. Also had the intense rapid cycling, but that was moreso post diagnosis. (and a little right before). A lot of your experience resonated with me.I'm wishing you luck with this diagnosis. It doesn't define us (something I'm trying to believe every day), and now that we know the monster that's been fucking with us, it should be a lil easier to confront it. I hope you gain stability starting now.", "link_id": "t3_f8d8g7", "time": 1582484962}}
{"fikp28z": {"text": "Ahhh, I can see how that could happen. I've been seeing the same psychologist off and on for 6 years (I'm 22, so since I was 16 basically), but I only see her when I'm home. I went to boarding school, and then obviously college, so she didn't see my cycles. And the schools never noticed either, when I sought treatment there (treatment which was a bit shit, if I'm being honest).It was a 'oh, she's just getting better' thing, until I got worse. Since I did terribly in the winter (when school started revving up), and I've never had a depressive summer (when there's no school), they must've thought, 'oh, she's just reacting badly to school, school's a stressor'. Which, school is a stressor, but that's not the whole picture. I'm never depressed in the summers because I tend to go manic, or euthymic, depending. And having depression in winter and mania in summer is common in people with bipolar. Ahhh, I see. I feel that wholeheartedly on the hypomanic symptoms lol. And, ofc!! :)Sorry, I wrote up a storm! That's why I'm working on my comment, to not do that in the post lol", "link_id": "t3_f8d8g7", "time": 1582484543}}
{"fiknxvp": {"text": "I'm gonna try to finally clean my main room, so I can enjoy being in it! I cleaned the whole place for some guests visiting my family, and my room is the last 'frontier' for now. I hope I get it all done! Cleaning brought me out of a really depressive moment for a few days, so I'm thankful.", "link_id": "t3_f7w07k", "time": 1582483944}}
{"fikneoy": {"text": "Wow, I'm so sorry you've been dealing with depression so young. I can't even imagine. It's crazy that no one caught onto the cyclical nature of them. That's also so terrible that that ARNP put you on all those at once!! Holy shit. That's a combo from hell, and those interactions I feel like wouldn't work well together. The ONCE I took clonazepam, I knocked the fuck out, and the few months I was on depakote were the death of me, I DEMANDED to be taken off. I'm sorry you had to deal with that too :(It really only takes one practitioner to realize what makes sense. I'm glad you found out in the depth of the worst one and before it was too late. Do you have hypomanic symptoms that all these practitioners before just weren't registering? I'm so happy you're doing well now! It's a sigh of relief when it gets to that point, and I'm happy you've been stable :)", "link_id": "t3_f8d8g7", "time": 1582483640}}
{"fikmtps": {"text": "Can I just say, I am so SO sorry you had to go through all that. No one ever deserves that, and dealing with bipolar in addition to a rough childhood, addictions (yours and those around you), and all the forms of assault you suffered....you're really a survivor, full stop. I'm hoping that things are looking up for you now, and the reverse of the Midas touch is turning back around again to gold again &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f8d909", "time": 1582483324}}
{"fiklrgj": {"text": "So sorry! I went off reddit for a few days, so I'm just now responding. I guess that's true....just as people can't find a job with a degree, others can without one. I really want being happy and sane to be the goal. In the past, I've given those elements up for doing the right thing, every. single. time. And it just fucked me over in the end. I'm scared I can't do college, which has been my dream ever since I was 8, because of bipolar. I might give it one last go, but if it doesn't work out, I'll really need to regroup. Thank you for the support and love and belief in me &lt;3 I haven't put my health first for most of my life and I really need to start now.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1582482739}}
{"fiklgqo": {"text": "So sorry, I went off reddit for a few days! So I'm just now replying to people. Thank you for responding :) I'm currently on medical leave from school (school forced me out, it's a long story, lol) so I'm not on campus, but I will get that medical clearance if I decide I'm not with it anymore. My meds weren't helping me at school, even tho they worked really well over the summer, so I think that's a part of things.  I really hope I make it. Thanks bro/sis &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1582482583}}
{"fikl9fa": {"text": "So sorry, I went off reddit for a few days and I'm just now replying to people! I feel that. The permanence of it. I actually retroactively withdrew from a semester before, with the intention of returning (had a really bad mixed episode that led to me being diagnosed and had to leave school early, then cuz of treatment couldn't finish incompletes). I think I actually should've gotten it as a medical withdrawal too since I cited medical reasons for needing it....hmm. I think you're right, I was 'feeling good,' but I don't think I really reached a good place. If I had, I would've been stable once I wasn't feeling good anymore. A lot of that involved the school I'm in (I fucking hate it, so can't feel good for too long with that), but also meds, and probably not enough coping skills to manage things. I'm gonna try and see if I can go back and get that medical withdrawal. My school actually forced me off campus on a medical leave this time around, so I'm not enrolled in a semester rn. I don't really have the luxury of extra time, but I might not have any other choice! It's been my dream since 8 years old to go to college (and get a degree), and it looks like it'll just end up taking a lot longer for me to do it, if I decide to. That advice on reducing the course load is helpful, because it really is hard to figure things out otherwise.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1582482471}}
{"fikkeij": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 It really is!! I bookmarked it. (Love the animation style too, a plus)I will! :) I'm wishing you keep fighting and winning over this monster!!", "link_id": "t3_f4r2jn", "time": 1582482007}}
{"fij6pq6": {"text": "So sorry! I took some time off reddit, so I'm just getting to responses now! Thank you for replying. That's so true, we gotta stay with today. I've realized that my today varies a LOT. It almost doesn't make sense to forecast 10 years down, 20 years down, even 2 years down, etc. based on the variability and unpredictability of today. I've been up, and down. Productive, and not. Hopeful, and bleak. But the next day, something changes again, even a little bit. Staying in the present and trying to salvage it gives us back some control. This is very true. I wanted to drop out, in spite of not failing my fall semester. I completed over half a term's worth (in some cases, over two months worth) of courses in about 3 weeks. And I didn't fail. I still wanted to drop out. I couldn't even think of being thankful for that. I didn't even think of my relationship with my mom, which is quite strong. And, I know I'm lucky to even be able to say that. I might look into a young adult's IOP, that's a good idea. Hopefully they have some DBT there because I do think I need to develop skills in emotional regulation. I'm so happy that things are going so much better for you :) and it must mean a lot, considering you put in a lot of effort into that, a lot of work. You actively made it happen. I want to do that for myself. Thank you so much for your words. You communicated so much. Hope is really important, and I want to learn to keep it when it gets really, really bleak. I feel a lil better now from when I posted, but I know other days I'll feel worse, so I really have to learn on that.", "link_id": "t3_f4r31i", "time": 1582436166}}
{"fij673d": {"text": "I concur!!", "link_id": "t3_f4r31i", "time": 1582435711}}
{"fij66ky": {"text": "I'm so sorry I didn't reply sooner! I took some time off reddit (long story) and am just now getting back. Wow, thank you so much for taking the time to write your reply (like that other commenter said). I really appreciate it. That example of Moses and the Israelites is really impactful. Like, I legit gained hope from seeing it in that way. I've heard it a million times, but never thought to apply it to my own experiences, or think of the severity of what they're going through and the type of resolve and faith that you need to have to get through that kind of experience. I want to have hope, and plan for my future. I want to reach the promise land. It's also inspiring to think that, even if my condition/circumstances get worse (and it really does feel like life/God is beating up on me, most of the time), that I was never promised to get something better, but that doesn't mean it can't happen. And maybe it's part of my journey to be the person I need to be, to be able to make the most out of progress and success. My experiences have changed my understanding of the world, and my empathy, and I'm thankful for that. To be the person I think I want to be in this world, I need that. Loads of it. And you're right, I'll never get there if I do give up. And I do want to get there. I never thought of my challenges as spiritual trainings, to make me stronger and more flexible in experiences. There are things I've dealt with in the past that made it easier to deal with things in the present. That has happened for me. I'm hoping this experience I'm going through right now, is preparing me. Because I don't know what's in the future, and it hurts not to know and not to know what to expect. If I should even expect.Thank you so much for your belief in me, even though you don't know me. I've been trying to look for a 'way out' because I don't want to have to trudge through. But, to be successful in life, you have to trudge through. And, if I can be comfortable with the fact that I will fail and I can get back up, I think things will be okay. That's my biggest fear and biggest hangup. I'm scared any one failure will be the death of me. I'm scared to fail, even though I've failed so much. Since I've seen a lack of progress, I attribute that to my failures, even though there are so many reasons for them. It's not very forgiving to not plan for those possibilities and opportunities to grow. I'm so thankful of your time and your message. And your belief and the love you've shown me through this comment. I've read over it multiple times, to really take it in. Thank you.", "link_id": "t3_f4r31i", "time": 1582435699}}
{"fij4ec2": {"text": "So sorry, I couldn't get on reddit for a few days! I do want to try online. At least to start! I think that'd make things easier for me. Thank you for recommending, and wishing me luck!", "link_id": "t3_f4s9bu", "time": 1582434416}}
{"fij4adc": {"text": "Thanks for replying to me twice to make sure I see :)", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1582434344}}
{"fij3jp3": {"text": "So sorry, I was off reddit for a few days! Thank you for understanding. That's how I feel!! I've tried the 'tough' route, and I just got burned. Cuz, you just can't brute force your way through an illness. I really am doing the best I can &lt;3 I want to do better, but this is my best right now. I've really tried, and I'm really trying. I'm really fearful of what will happen, but I really think it's gonna be a great help to my progress to switch up. I just might have to go for it. I'd also love to chat with you, if you'd allow it, as it's so helpful to talk to someone who's going through something similar to me!", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1582433840}}
{"fij36wv": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 Here's hoping things can go okay at some point. I will need to look into that, and dealing with the fear that is grad school that may be needed at some point too. I never thought of that, behavioral health may be a track that could be more accommodating. I'll certainly think about it, thank you!", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1582433602}}
{"fij30kq": {"text": "I love that you tried a dog on your own &lt;3 and you're a real testament of success, overcoming those obstacles. That sounds pretty grand to me. That's so true, we've found a way to shine a light on the monster, and we've dealt with it blindly before and succeeded, so we should be able to keep pushing against it. I never thought of it like that. And, thank you &lt;3 it's an ugly ass monster. Has me thinking of dropping out of college. But, I guess I made it through high school somehow, so I'm hoping knowing what's going on now would make things easier. Thank you so much for sharing this song!! You basically expressed so much in your comment, but I really felt these lines: \"And then I looked up, into the giant's eyes, and I found my strength inside.\" I want to get to that point with bipolar, so desperately.", "link_id": "t3_f4r2jn", "time": 1582433485}}
{"fij1vww": {"text": "So sorry, I took time off reddit for a few days so I'm just responding now! I  never thought of that, that it's not cause and effect but the issues compound. It's really hard to separate my possibilities from my past, or to try to prevent things going wrong in the future. That fear of the future is largely fueling my decision to drop out. But, I guess I shouldn't choose to expect it so much, that is the negative mindset coming in. I just feel like, if I don't succeed, it makes none of it worthwhile.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9bu", "time": 1582432745}}
{"fij1ck3": {"text": "Thank you so much for responding!! I'm sorry, I went off reddit for a few days (long story), so I'm just replying now. That's such a noble pursuit :) I'm wishing you luck on it. Oh my gosh, that's so many classes!! I was struggling with JUST 3. You're right, starting the work and caring about doing it are 2 of my hardest hurdles too, and they occur separately and simultaneously sometimes. Thank you for these tips!! They all make a lot of sense, especially that studying in increments, taking some time off via doing something else quickly, and using 'immersion therapy' for academics. My school clubs don't really have a lot of impact on the campus, which sucks, but I think there's a group I can get engaged in. We'll see! I hope I can check in w/you from time to time to support each other's progress. :)", "link_id": "t3_f4s9bu", "time": 1582432359}}
{"fij0adz": {"text": "So sorry, I spent some time off reddit for a few days! Thank you for replying again &lt;3 College has been my dream since I was 8 years old. I don't want to let it go. I hope I can get there. (And I really hope you finish up too :) )", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1582431557}}
{"fiizxx0": {"text": "So sorry, I was off reddit for a few days! But yessss!! That was EXACTLY me! Chased, hurt, AND killed! Through *different* perspectives!! It's so not cool. I will say, I haven't dreamed again since that dream, so maybe something's going alright at this point. Oof :/ I'm sorry you're going through this then. This doesn't help anxiety at all.", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1582431277}}
{"fhvery3": {"text": "I've tried and failed a lot, and adjusted a lot, but it hasn't really panned out into anything. I've lost self confidence from these efforts instead. I'm not really trying to get other people to do the difficult stuff for me, but I thought asking for help is a good tool to use to get better. We're not supposed to get through everything all on our own. And, I thought you're supposed to look for coping strategies as well to help with negative emotions? Am I not supposed to look for other options, and just keep struggling? I'm not sure I understand the 'fix' part. But, I understand that you can't give me that solution. I don't think I communicated that I thought you had all the answers for me in my comment, but I do understand.", "link_id": "t3_f4b02u", "time": 1581896508}}
{"fhvdasd": {"text": "I haven't! I'm gonna check into that book, thank you so much for suggesting it! i'm so sorry you dealt with growing up in such conditions &lt;3 hugs. I truly get the struggle. I've actually managed to reconcile with my abusers (really abuser; one of them, the family abuser, just died, so there's reconciliation on that) and he's now my biggest supporter, but I know the pain of those early years are still there.", "link_id": "t3_f4r31i", "time": 1581896046}}
{"fhvcq0u": {"text": "That's my biggest fear, I really don't want to flunk out. I think I do need the breather. I'm technically on medical leave now, so I can take a breather, but I can't really 'relax' until April for other reasons. Between that, and possibly needing to take summer courses in June if I wanted to meet up, that's no break at all. It's overwhelming.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581895948}}
{"fhvcghy": {"text": "Once you hear my answer, you'll probably suggest the trade school option even quicker. My major is political science, and I want to go into public health; maybe not directly into third or public sector, but find some way to touch upon it, even if I'm working in private sector. I mainly chose politics cuz I can do a lot of studies on social determinants of health and how economics factor in via that history of political science, and all my 'nonpolitical' (aka health-centered classes) count, without having to take on a major like bio or chem. I was originally a chem major, but the makeup on labs is damn near impossible post-episode. Humanities majors are a lil more forgiving of that. I am in the US! I honestly might try that, a mix of classes at both. I want to see how a combo like that would work actually. The dean might not be as flexible to that, but maybe I can work around her if she's not. There might be a way. Thanks for that suggestion on the trade schools! I'll look into that. I'm receiving therapy at home 2x a week, but at school (if I do choose to go back cuz things drastically change), I'll look into those sites! Noting them down now. Thank you :)", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581895856}}
{"fhvbgum": {"text": "Maybe there's hope. I hope I can complete in a similar amount of time. Your experience is inspiring tho :) I mean Silicon Valley, project manager! If you can do all that, I guess the least I can do is try to graduate and at least try to get a reasonable job.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581895503}}
{"fhvaqyv": {"text": "I'm happy to hear that :) Ughh, I aspire to having your resolve. I've become a big ol' scaredy cat thanks to bipolar. I didn't really do 'cool' shit before, but I did do shit I never imagined. For the 2 terms I did get grades, I finished 2 months of work in 2 weeks, and over half a term worth of work in 3 weeks, respectively. I've also done cool things like win 3rd place in a national track competition with no coach. Those are the ones I feel like sharing for now. Not cool, but not what I'd ever expect, really. One day, maybe I'll get to keep on keeping on mentality.", "link_id": "t3_f4r2jn", "time": 1581895261}}
{"fhv7qxs": {"text": "Spending more time away than in actual college = ME! omg. I switched majors as well. Made it easier to make things up, but didnt stop shit from burning down in the first place. I similarly feel judged as well. Feeling like failure sounds absolutely right.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581894262}}
{"fhv7c04": {"text": "Ahhh, I see. I don't actually think I dissociate when in 'characters' mode (which is my regular mode lol), my therapist described it as me compartmentalizing my thoughts into the characters to help me make sense of my brain. Unless, what is dissociation like for you, with the characters? Maybe I do that too and I'm not realizing my experience is the same/is actually dissociating. I don't really find that I daydream, I don't think. (Again, maybe I'm not realizing.) But, fairly often, I go out on walks and silently talk to myself through these characters to work through a problem. I almost imagine that I'm just alone in the world with them, and we're kinda suspended in space. At that moment, I'm only thinking of that problem, and the different perspectives to it 'through' them. Ahh, I see. Can I ask you about your experiences with both? I'm wondering if my bipolar is actually borderline or I'm possibly comorbid. Ahh, I see! I didn't know about that. Oh, wow, I'm so sorry that movie was so much :( Flashbacks and vivid memories can't be fun. I've actually never had flashbacks or vivid memories about any events that could've caused this. Just known I've always done it. And, thank you &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_ew9b2b", "time": 1581894083}}
{"fhv4f9v": {"text": "Hehe, thanks for clarifying! And, that's fair, the frequency and severity can lessen. I just thought I was finally doing better before this roadblock. Looks like I have work to do on coping mechanisms for sure. Thank you :) I sure hope so too!", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581893243}}
{"fhv451d": {"text": "Wow, thank you so much for sharing your experiences with me. You've really gone through it all, and you're persevering. I actually gained some hope from this comment, thank you &lt;3 I'm wishing you so well in IT!! I'm realizing, like some have said, that I feel very raw rn. It feels like a very finite decision, but maybe there's a chance I could do it again. I just don't know, and I feel like I'll get burned if I even try.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581893140}}
{"fhv3121": {"text": "It's so overwhelming!! Just dealing with the brain is hard enough, but then add coursework and a harsh routine on top of it and all that accompanies college life, and I'm in endless disaster. I was actually forced by my dean to take a medical leave, so I'm home rn. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I took incompletes this term, which caused my financial aid to get revoked. I just feel like the timeline at this point is so fucked and I'll never get stable enough to finish.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9bu", "time": 1581892850}}
{"fhv2p0t": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 I really do want to look into it.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581892734}}
{"fhv2nhy": {"text": "Thank you for replying &lt;3 It helps to know I'm not alone in this. I directly relate to taking multiple years off. I was actually forced by my dean to take a medical leave, so I'm home rn. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I took incompletes this term, which caused my financial aid to get revoked. I feel so hurt, and it really does suck. I am hurting a lot rn. And, I think I've been hurting for a long time, and it just hasn't gotten better. It took me 6 years to finish hs, and I had to change schools. I thought, in college, it'd finally work out. Now, I'm doing worse in college than hs, and I just feel utterly hopeless. I've been trying to take it one day at a time, but I can't get over it. I guess I can try harder. &lt;33 thank you for the belief and support. Maybe another crack at it will work. I've tried meds and therapy and everything, and I'm still not doing well. But maybe things can change.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581892717}}
{"fhv1wwz": {"text": "I so desperately want this to be a beginning to a good chapter. I really do. But, I've been in the same cycle for 6 years at this point, and nothing I've tried works. I'm scared for the next 10 years, or 20 even. I do really need to learn to not listen to my emotions and thoughts, and to find better supports as well. My mom stays telling me I need to practice more gratitude in my life, so I guess I should start there.I'll try watching a movie, thanks for suggesting that. Today, I was blasting all the music I listen to when I feel hopeless and sad, but I'll try listening to music that makes me feel happier. Or taking a nap to ASMR videos to relax. I want to start DBT! Like, intensive DBT. I really do need to improve my distress tolerance honestly. (Does DBT also work for bipolar? I always thought it was a thing for borderlines. Unless, you're suggesting I get checked for that, which could be the case honestly.) Brute force has done me no good, I'm realizing as well. I've never thought of gentle actions as a try. I don't even know what that would look like.", "link_id": "t3_f4r31i", "time": 1581892428}}
{"fhv0br9": {"text": "Thank you so much for sharing your story. You did so much, while unmedicated too! That's amazing. And, I know, there were pushes and pulls along the way. I just feel hopeless since, I've been medicated for a couple of years, and things still aren't getting better. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I took incompletes this term, which caused my financial aid to get revoked. I'm still doing poorly, despite my diagnosis, despite therapy, despite meds. Because of all the gaps in my education, there's no way another school would look at me (not that that would make a difference), and I just don't think I have the grit anymore. You were able to work full time and go to night school, I can't even get through 3 classes with no working as a full time student. I feel hopeless.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581892008}}
{"fhuzd31": {"text": "That's where I'm at, honestly.  It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I took incompletes this term, which caused my financial aid to get revoked. To come back, I need to finish 8 terms worth of work in 7 terms, because I had to retroactively withdraw from my first spring semester. It just feels endless, what I have to overcome to succeed. Or just break even.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581891750}}
{"fhuz6x8": {"text": ":( It's difficult decisions fr", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581891679}}
{"fhuz4uz": {"text": "Thank you for relating &lt;3 Trying and trying and trying again is exactly what this is. I'm projected to spend all my 20s trying and trying and trying just to finish SCHOOL, haven't even gotten to the working world bit. The struggle is real, and it is daunting.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581891658}}
{"fhuyxlz": {"text": "That's true. I was in a good place before, but after my school forced me on medical leave, I'd been depressed since. Then hypomanic for a bit, mixed episode for a bit, and now I think the depression is coming back. I've been thinking this for a while. I know depressed thinking is depressed thinking, and it's not ideal to make decisions in this state, but I don't know what else to do. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I took incompletes this term, which caused my financial aid to get revoked. I've been in therapy and on meds the past 2 3/4 months, and I just feel more and more hopeless as the days go by. Each time I go back to school and I fail, another shell of my life is sheathed and I'm left even more raw. This doesn't feel sustainable.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9bu", "time": 1581891598}}
{"fhuxeor": {"text": "It is! With mental health, you can't predict recovery at all. You might spend your whole life in recovery. I'm so sorry you've gone through so much. Thank you for sharing with me. I'm so happy for and proud of you for overcoming tough times and getting back to that MBA! MBA is big business (no pun intended). Also, hugs &lt;3 I relate to the crying, SO heavily rn. I was actually forced to take a medical leave, so I'm home rn. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I took incompletes this term, which caused my financial aid to get revoked. I want to feel like a survivor, but it's really hard, and my belief in myself has been slashed :( but I hope one day I can see what you see, and believe in myself too. Thank you for the luck :) I'm wishing you the best as well!", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581891158}}
{"fhuwg10": {"text": "Thank you for replying! I had an off-campus therapist over the fall, but she wasn't very helpful and, at the end of my school's 8-session-per-year limit (reached in late November), said she'd have to stop seeing me. I just so happened to mention a suicidal thought in the 2nd to last session, we did a risk assessment and determined I was low risk (hadn't had suicidal thoughts for over a year before then, and haven't had a single thought since). Still, she said she'd have to see me more like 2x a week, and since she knew I couldn't afford it, she suggested a php. I asked if I could just see my person at home 2x a week since I was going home soon, she said that's fair that could work. Next thing, she's told my dean, dean says the school has to follow her clinical recommendation, and I'm shuttled home within a day. I did a reduced course load this semester, but my financial aid only covers 8 terms, so it just means I have to overload the next semester. Even worse, I had to retroactively withdraw from my 2nd term (spring), so I now have to completely 8 terms of coursework in 7 terms. Reduced course loads aren't an option for me anymore. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I took incompletes this term, which caused my financial aid to get revoked. It just feels like there's a huge obstacle at every side, and no wiggle room for 'bipolar' in my case. Maybe trade school is the better call.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581890942}}
{"fhutdlv": {"text": "Thank you for replying! Can I PM you about your drop out process? Some perspective on this would be really helpful. I'll try and get that medically unfit signifier on my withdrawal. Thank you for the luck &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581889915}}
{"fhut2qi": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 It might not be college, but I'm not trying to give up on life. I do want to figure out a path that makes sense. I just have come to realize that the path, that I thought would work out, that might not be my way.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581889824}}
{"fhusll0": {"text": "I guess, that's a big, and good, question. I don't have the answers now to that. I'm not even completely sure what I want to do with my life, even if I had a degree. I have goals, and I have ideas, but its uncertain how exactly to get there and if it would pan out. I wish breaks were the solution. I was actually forced to take a medical leave, so I'm home rn. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I just don't know what to do at this point. I've been out of school longer than I've been in school at this point, and I still have 3 more years to go. This just isn't sustainable.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581889762}}
{"fhus7ub": {"text": "Thank you for the hope &lt;3 That's so awesome that you're figuring out your way, and getting your 2nd associates! Especially in a format that works for you. Can I PM you about that process? I want to keep my options open/learn about other ones :)", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581889631}}
{"fhuro7a": {"text": "Thank you for replying! I definitely share in that. I was actually forced to take a medical leave, so I'm home rn. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I'm just scared of the track record at this point. I'm scared I can't handle it anymore. Thank you for the luck &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581889420}}
{"fhur1gd": {"text": "Thanks for replying! I'm happy to hear that you were able to recover well enough to return. I just wish that could be the case for me. I was actually forced to take a medical leave, so I'm home rn. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I took incompletes this term, which caused my financial aid to get revoked. I've been in therapy and on meds the past 2 3/4 months, and I just feel more and more hopeless as the days go by. I'm sorry to hear that you're going through another episode, and I hope that you can recover again soon. That's so good that your work accommodated you! It is really hard, like you said. I've hoped so many times for things to get better, just for them to tank even harder the next time.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581889325}}
{"fhuqj1s": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f4s9ns", "time": 1581889131}}
{"fhuqi1a": {"text": "I guess you're not wrong. I've developed a negative way of looking at things from so many things going wrong all the time. I was super hopeful and determined this past term, and I was left in the same position all the same. Stopping the negative self talk would probably help to get me hating my life less though, so you've got a good point.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9bu", "time": 1581889120}}
{"fhuq9aw": {"text": "&lt;3 You're too sweet. Thank you for replying. I was actually forced to take a medical leave, so I'm home rn. It's taken me 2 1/2 years to finish my freshman year, and this is my second medical leave since starting college. AKA, 2 medical leaves, and I just barely finished my first year. I tried doing counseling on campus (well, with an off campus therapist), but that kinda landed me in this situation in the first place and my therapist wasn't helpful when I look back on it. It feels so hard to not just give in completely, and there is so much pressure, like you said. It's scary to not know if this decision will pan out well, or just be temporary relief like you said. I'd love to PM you for these tips :) I really really need them, and would want to start working on it now if an anvil falls on me tomorrow and I change my mind. Especially because I had to retroactively withdraw from my 2nd term in college, so I now have to complete 8 terms of work in 7 terms total, and somehow manage to avoid a psychotic break while doing it. Not. Fun. That's so amazing that you're double majoring, and global studies is so cool!! (Dental hygiene is impressive, but I've had a fear of going to the dentist all my life, so I hope you don't take it the wrong way me not oogling over it ;) ). Do you want to go into public health by any chance? I've always been fascinated by global/international studies and world history.", "link_id": "t3_f4s9bu", "time": 1581889024}}
{"fhszzwl": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 It's so hard. I've been trying to live one day at a time, but everyone reminds me I need a game plan, I can't just waste time. Look at how much time you've spent already. But every game plan just feels like a dead end. I feel so lost, and I just feel so alone.Nothing stays the same forever, but I've been in the same pattern for 6 years. I feel like I've tried everything. I'm at my breaking point :'(", "link_id": "t3_f4r31i", "time": 1581868046}}
{"fhsxvm9": {"text": "&lt;3 Thank you so much for relating, and letting me know I'm not alone. It feels so hard to go through this when everyone around me can just figure it out, and I just can't do that. It doesn't even feel right to be kind to myself rn. I've tried, and the reward I give myself for doing that is....failing. Again. I feel like I've lost that right to myself.", "link_id": "t3_f4r31i", "time": 1581867095}}
{"fhspgis": {"text": "Thanks for replying! Ahhh, that makes a lot of sense. I guess that's part of what they mean when they say each episode 'changes' you, ha. What luck. That's how I've been feeling! I don't get it from most stressors, but big stressors like my school situation, or like a test that determines if I get fin aid back (long story), those just DEAD me and I cry and cry and need to be calmed down by someone else. I really think I have to look more into DBT, I really need to incorporate some emotion regulation. Thank you so much for understanding &lt;3 It really is fucked up!! I'm so sorry you had to go through that too. That's SO difficult, and I can truly relate. I feel like never going back, but I might have to because of costs. I also feel like I'm judged whenever I say I don't want to go back. Everyone always looks at mental illness as a reason to say the person suffering is shallow or being difficult/not trying hard enough...my brothers, and people on here, tell me to just 'toughen up' about my college, when if someone neurotypical realizes they don't like a school, they just transfer and it's fine. They're allowed to do that. They're not judged, and they get the chance to enjoy the next place. But, when someone with mental health issues realizes they don't like a place AND the place is either negatively impacting their mental health, or is just putting a lot of pressure on their ability to get through, they're said to have no skills and the 'real world is tough' and 'you just have to deal'. Essentially, 'no transfer for you'I wonder why that is. I know I'll probably have to go back, but it's hard to find people agree that I'm a 'weakling' for saying I don't want to.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581863746}}
{"fhsnt5e": {"text": "I guess, in your initial comment you mentioned being lucid, so I just went off of that. I'm not sure I exactly know either, lol. By BPD, do you mean borderline or bipolar? I meant to clarify that! That's how it was for me too, I think that's around the time I started. &lt;3 I'm sorry and hope things get a lot better for you too! And I offer my condolences.", "link_id": "t3_ew9b2b", "time": 1581863231}}
{"fhsnhoa": {"text": "That's how I feel! I just that, I mean, I did have help, but I mostly got through it on my own and overcame a LOT. Now, even dreams that seemed so simple seem insurmountable. It's not bad to dream big, but I feel like I've been cut off from that possibility because of this illness. It hurts.", "link_id": "t3_f4r2jn", "time": 1581863084}}
{"fhsnaom": {"text": "That's not how I feel about my treatment, but I guess you're right, I'm on the higher end of the shit totem pole. And there are ways that I've been lucky. Do you have any advice, for gaining these skills, if you've gone through anything like what I've gone through? I've tried some CBT and DBT methods. I've consistently gone to therapy, I take my meds. I talk things out with people, I try to rationalize, I usually don't get angry. I go on walks, go out in nature, meditate, listen to calming ASMR videos. Get sleep. Nothing works. I don't know how to gain these skills, and everything I'm doing clearly isn't enough, so I don't know where to go from here. That's true. It's just, I've been engaged with treatment, and there's not much else the school will do for me past what they've done this year. Maybe I just need to deal with that, accept that they can only do so much and I'll have to figure out most of this stuff on my own. My mom doesn't even have a stable insurance, and it's not the best, so I can't really switch to her plan and expect a lot, but maybe I can try to see a psych professional at a nearby hospital. The school psychiatrist just helps with med management; they don't like to change meds even when something's wrong, they just write the same scripts for you. Maybe I can convince him better next time. You're right. I've allowed failure, particularly quitting, to become an option to myself. I've failed repeatedly (even when I said, I WILL win), and gotten back up, but doing that so many times has put a strain on me. Then again, I can't get it into my mind that that's the last time, and that success is over for me. My family has helped a lot since I returned home. I know I'll miss that support, and I'm the only one of my siblings who ventured far away from home so I'm the only one who's dealt with this. Maybe they can find a way to visit me more at school or something, but really the solution would be for me to be able to make it on my own. I just don't know if I can do that. I HATE that I'm so dependent on others to be able to get through my own shit. I hate it so much. There really is no cavalry. You're right, I gotta figure this shit out for myself, figure out how to cope. Thank you for your belief in me. I guess I just have to find that same belief in myself and figure out what to do with it. It just feels so hard.", "link_id": "t3_f4b02u", "time": 1581862987}}
{"fhsl54h": {"text": "That's how it feels!! The school tests thing is a huge one, I've had panic attacks over that as recent as a week ago. That 100% breakdown of suffering resonates so strongly with me. Maybe I should stop caring about my future so hard, especially since it looks so bleak any which one I cut it. Geez, I wish I saw this comment earlier. I just posted a long ass rant basically saying I'm resigned to life because it just doesn't look like it'll pan out in the future. Bipolar really does come and mock you, discourage you, and scare you. It's done all 3 to me. I keep trying to say, it doesn't own me, and internalizing that, but these episodes still overpower me. NOTHING works. I do lack courage and have poor self-esteem, and this whole situation has made me impatient with my lack of progress, so these are there. I want to hope that I'll get there some day. I really do.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581862330}}
{"fhrhfe5": {"text": "Thank you for responding! You're kind to describe me in that way. I think that's part of why I reacted so strongly, as well. I was so tied to leaving and genuinely happy to away with this place (for 3 months), that realizing it's not likely I can, was a really crushing blow (in addition to, ya know, poor stress management). My school only offers 8 off campus sessions (up to $75 per session) of therapy over the whole school year. The school insurance is shit, and when I tried to go that route, it wouldve had me out of at least $600 out of pocket. Lots of people are forced to go off campus because the school psychological services are often booked 3 months out starting from the beginning of the school year. I found a place, where I was seeing someone, $25 outta pocket each time with the school subsidy. By the end of my 8 sessions, simultaneously when I mentioned 1 suicidal thought (hadn't had one for over a year and a half, and haven't had a single one SINCE), she said she needed to see me closer to 2x a week, but knows I couldnt afford it. She recommended a php program, and when I asked if I can just see my reg psychologist at home 2x a week when I got back home (which would be a week later), she said that can work. Cue my Dean finding out literally that same day (they got me to sign a ferpa to her while manic that I forgot about, I know, nice one pyschsweets), telling me I HAVE to leave on medical leave immediately per the doctors recommendation. They were even gonna let me finish my classes remotely. I'm scared to try psych services at this school again. They're expensive, they're limited, they're overbooked, and worse off because of my experience I can't trust them. I'm realizing I never should have, but it hurt that I finally was trying to problem solve the right way, let these people in and find help right away, and I felt punished for it. Almost cast away for something I didnt even deal with again. I want to return, but its gonna take a lot of gameplan and no wiggle room for someone who's still new in her diagnosis (I'm talking about bipolar here officially, tho I'm worried I potentially have borderline since some things dont completely add up). Because I had to retroactively withdraw from my spring semester, to keep that scholarship and financial aid, I need to finish 6 terms in 5 terms. That's overloading 2x in my remaining 5 semesters, and that's not including the 2 courses each I need to take during 2 different summers to graduate on time to keep my aid. (Then the question is, how do I pay for those courses, if I cant work during those summers, because I'm taking those courses?) If I deviate from this plan at all, I violate my fin aid contract and its lost forever. Its debatable if they even returned my aid since I had to submit an appeal, due to them revoking it very recently. It just feels very unfeasible for someone struggling with mental illness and poor reactions to stress/hiding anxiety. Sure, could I do it? Maybe. But not without more hospitalizations and probably more forced medical leaves against my will. Do you still think I can do it? If so, then maybe I'll keep trying. But it just seems so insurmountable. The kicker is my school is 3000 miles away from home and my closest relative lives a 3 hour plan ride away. I'm alone there basically, isolated, and all my friends I started with see graduating while I'm on leave. I still have 3 years to go.But, the alternative is massive student loan debt. I feel trapped.", "link_id": "t3_f4b02u", "time": 1581826321}}
{"fhrfvud": {"text": "Yup!! And, exactly :)", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581825174}}
{"fhr3fsg": {"text": "I didnt think of seeing someone specifically who works with BPD (I'm assuming you mean bipolar here; please correct me if I'm wrong!)I was diagnosed with bipolar in the hospital, and I've been titrating up on Lamictal. I felt stable for 2 weeks, but then this happened. Even, my mood still feels fine, just the reaction happened. I'm still not quite at therapeutic dose, and I think i was in. A bad mixed ep beforehand, so I might still be in it and it breaking through. I'm gonna talk to my doc and see what to do.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581816342}}
{"fhqvz14": {"text": "I'm not saying I don't overreact and have issues with problem solving. I also said I understand that my mental health played a big role in not succeeding at my schools, especially my current school, in the way that I'd like. But, I'm pretty sure I'm not overreacting to what literally happened. The facts do not conflict. You did not offer problem solving suggestions. You were confused by what I was saying, I explained the situation, then you said that I need to stop 'scapegoating' someone for actions they did, and told me to 'toughen up'. That's not problem solving. That's just invalidating my experience. Say that I overreact to things, sure, but I'm not denying events that actually happened. Nor am I looking for sympathizers, but I know I'm not looking for someone who immediately calls me paranoid and says 'it's all the bipolar' before even hearing the whole situation. Thanks for finding my pain funny. Nice one, that.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581812432}}
{"fhqsmjw": {"text": "I dont really see how my story has changed here. I've included more details, not in conflict with each other, but the crux of it is she did not respond in a proper way regarding those losses that she had access to info about. I never said it was my Dean's fault for the concussion. I specifically named the school in that action, the dean wasnt even there at that time. But, the school placing me in off campus housing and giving me a bike without a helmet that I needed to get to classes on time, led me to biking down a curb to get from those apartments to my class, which did indirectly lead to the concussion. I never said they directly lead to that, but without that happening, no concussion would be there. Never blamed her for my bipolar, I'm not sure where that's coming from. but I was forced on leave when I was doing fine. Because I had to go on leave, that I did not want to do, that violated my fin aid and directly caused me to get my scholarship revoked. Since I couldnt finish those classes on time, because I was placed on leave, it got revoked. I am not blaming them for everything, but it's unfair to not recognize I've been done a raw deal here.I dont have issues with dealing with someone I dont like. I stayed 6 years at a hs I hated, because I know how to grit my teeth and get through things. If you really think this school handles things the right way, and everything is my fault, and I shouldn't feel some type of way about that, that's fine. You're entitled to that. But I'm not a person who cant handle tough situations when it comes to it. The reason I want to transfer isnt because of my experiences with that dean, not how I've been treated by this school, or even that I hate it there. The main reason is that it makes no sense going to school 3000 miles away from home supports, to a school that does not offer appropriate physical health or psychological services options for its students (both of which I need), that I feel stagnant at. The reality is, if I'm not set up to thrive at this place, it doesnt matter what brute forcing will do. I have to be realistic about what I'm dealing with here too. I've been through a lot of adversity in my life besides my health issues, and I have all my life to learn better ways to deal with people. I dont see why wanting 3 years of a break from that is such a problem.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581810518}}
{"fhqopbd": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581807820}}
{"fhqoiip": {"text": "It doesnt make sense! I've been trying to figure out how it happened myself. I asked my friend 3x.how it went down. I discussed the situation with my mom in family therapy (we used to have it regularly and just started up again). Me finding out at some point = my WHOLE point. She said the Dean was 'worried about my well being'. The same dean who told me, week in week out, I was doing well. I'm not quite sure what was going on with my friend, besides them being possibly distraught at the situation.  They didnt really want the Deans to know, but their dean found out when they had a breakdown in class. My friend just mentioned my name and wanting to tell me, but their dean told them it's not their 'job' to tell me and not to add that extra stress on themselves. Their dean told my Dean, and I'm guessing their Dean assumed my Dean would let me know. Unfortunately she didnt. It all feels very convoluted and I dont know what to believe, since everyone knew about everything, including my damn dean, except me. My brothers were just as confused as I was, and hadn't known my mom didnt tell me. She said she'd be the one to tell me, so they didnt let me know themselves. So it all turned into a big game of reverse telephone.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581807714}}
{"fhqmv8n": {"text": "My phone was broken, so she couldnt get in contact with me, so she called the dean and asked if she could let me know the news or just to call her back. My friend let their Dean know that she was going g thru a lot with the friend passing, and mentioned I was a closer friend to the person, so their dean told my Dean, who then withheld the information and told my friend not to tell me. Now that you mention it, I didnt realize that. Something mightve been breached. My family has bo relationship with my dean, and even said she wanted to tell me until the Dean convinced her otherwise. My moms a lil impressionable when it comes to authority figures, even tho I've told her to ALWAYS tell me when someone passes away (this ain't our first time at the rodeo in terms of dealing with familial loss).", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581806867}}
{"fhqi4pg": {"text": "I am! I'm titrating up on Lamictal. I was pretty stable mood for 2 weeks, then this happened. I'm usually fine when angry, sad, whatever (tho I haven't felt that way since starting the Lamictal), but stress has me out of control. I probably need better coping mechanisms to deal with it.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581804585}}
{"fhqhzij": {"text": "I feel that so wholeheartedly. It's good to know it's not just me, but I'm sorry it's hard for you too. Stress is a killer, literally.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0kn", "time": 1581804504}}
{"fhqhwkq": {"text": "Thank you for reminding me of that :) I do forget that, with treatment and management, things can get better! I'm hoping that works out for me sooner rather than later.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581804459}}
{"fhqhmr4": {"text": "No, no, it's okay! I'm not offended. They (dean and off-campus psychologist) got me to sign a FERPA release when I was manic and suggested hospital, and I completely forgot to withdraw the FERPA between my dean and psychologist when I got better. So, they'd been discussing with each other the whole time, and I didn't know to which extent.My psychologist said that she couldn't keep seeing me cuz my school only covers 8 sessions a year, and she said I'd need to see her more like 2x a week. She recommended a php program, because I'd mentioned a suicidal thought. We went through the risk assessment, and she determined I was low risk. She still recommended the php, mainly cuz she knew I couldn't afford her. I asked if I could just see my person at home 2x a week during break (which was coming up), and she said that's fair. Next thing I know, my dean tells me 'so you talked to dr. \\[insert\\]....', says my doctor completely discharged me, and the school HAS to follow the 'clinical recommendation' and demanded I leave campus within a day. They wanted me to leave without completing my courses too, I had to beg to secure that.My mom and my good friend from hs that went to college with me both confirmed to me that my dean persuaded them both not to tell me that my grandmother and hs friend both passed away. I have no reason to believe they'd lie.I wish I was making this up. I know it sounds paranoid, but that literally is what happened.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581804314}}
{"fhqgu1t": {"text": "No, of course! Originally it was relieving, but then I found myself increasingly worried that it didn't explain everything. I think it feels grave to me still. Realizing I will have to deal with this for the rest of my life, as I've been dealing with it, is harrowing. I've already dealt with a lot of stops and starts. I also worry somehow that it's not the right diagnosis, and 10 years later it'll be a GOTCHA and I was thinking and doing the wrong things all this time. Like how depression was the wrong diagnosis for my the first time as well.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581803995}}
{"fhq3jds": {"text": "Thank you for responding! And, that's so true! I never thought of it like that actually, haha. No, sorry, I forgot to add it in there, I've been diagnosed bipolar! (Been kinda not accepting it while simultaneously fearing it's wrong and something more like borderline is actually going on with me, since I don't fit the typical 'bipolar' profile)", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581798827}}
{"fhpssdx": {"text": "Thank you for clarifying! I guess I mixed up asking the question, cuz I have been diagnosed bipolar, but I worry if my behavior points more towards borderline (especially with the splitting potential of the schow scenario)", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581794680}}
{"fhpjc6q": {"text": "Thank you for responding! And thank you for reaffirming I'm not alone &lt;3 It's SO exhausting, my goodness. I'm realizing I think I have some generalized anxiety that I just haven't noticed. I haven't had anxiety for years, but it might be starting to come up again, exacerbated by my school situation.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581790795}}
{"fhpi182": {"text": "Thank you so much for responding! Oh gosh, that is an insanely stressful situation. I can't say I'd react much differently. Thank you for expanding on all of that! I see, the reactions to stress have no pattern or like that to it. That's how I feel, with my reactions to stress. I usually manage fine enough, until something SNAPS in me.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581790071}}
{"fhphrts": {"text": "\\^\\_\\^", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581789912}}
{"fhphghf": {"text": "Thank you!", "link_id": "t3_f4azup", "time": 1581789706}}
{"fhphcc4": {"text": "It really does come back SO hard! And it takes a lot out of a person. I feel that day in bed so much, you don't even know. These coping skills are difficult but they are  necessary and take a lot of time to discover. I wish you all the best as well, and I hope the school situation works out too :)", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581789630}}
{"fhpgvcg": {"text": "Oh wow, really? I thought that could just be how mixed episodes are like. Can I PM you about that process and why they believed you presented more as BPD than bipolar? I don't relate to all of them, but the few that I do, I either see it strongly or have done them in the past. That's true, stress does play a huge role in the body, and I was under a lot of stress those 3 weeks a LOT of stress. I even feel tired after the crying and wailing today rn. I didn't think of that, how a strong medication can confuse things. I'm gonna mention this to my therapist. Thank you so much for your kind concern and well wishes &lt;3 I hope you get some clarity on the diagnosis!", "link_id": "t3_f4azup", "time": 1581789320}}
{"fhpgbil": {"text": "It really was :) I wanna start working on my sleep now. Incidentally, I fell asleep around 2:30AM last night because I got carried away internet surfing, and woke up around 7AM, so not much sleep was had. Granted, much more than in a manic episode, but still. That's so true, we can't avoid it, it's being felt somewhere. And things tense up, and it just bubbles over. I need to do better at that coping mech, acknowledging the stress and then letting it go. It really came out of nowhere for me, it felt like, but I now realize I've been harboring it and just pushing it aside.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581788949}}
{"fhpfwok": {"text": "Ya know, I didn't think of that. I was in, I think, a mixed episode before I got on the Lamictal. I didn't even think of the fact that while the Lamictal has muted a lot of the symptoms, the episode might still be taking its course, and severe stressors can activate that/make it more apparent. That's literally how I feel! My mind is normally okay, but feels like it goes haywire at times. And my body is just tired/resigned lol. And, thank you!! It really came unexpected. And yay, please do :) Wishing you well!", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581788670}}
{"fhpfep4": {"text": "Thank you so much for responding! I need to stabilize my sleep for another thing. Taking my meds at night have helped, but I need to really force that sleep hygiene from now on. Thanks for expanding on that. This is a big thing. I'm realizing I'm terrible at approaching stressful situations. It's nice to know that that's actually a normal part of dealing with this illness. I sometimes avoid stress I think to the point where it bubbles over for me. I didn't realize this school situation situation was weighing so heavily on me, especially after the high stress situation of getting through finishing my term so quickly (in 3 weeks for over 7 weeks of work). I'm on break from school now, a break that was forced on me, but I hope to develop better coping mechanisms for dealing with stress as well. I feel so relieved to know I'm going through something that isn't uncommon with this disorder. Pushing myself too far will make things worse tho. I really need to work on managing my stress and surrounding myself with de-stressors to deal with things. Thank you &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581788335}}
{"fhpeosk": {"text": "Ahhh, wow okay. That's EXACTLY how I feel, lol. Thank you for responding!", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581787846}}
{"fhpeih3": {"text": "You're onto something there, with what happened in January. I was confused and thought it actually meant I had borderline or something like that, but it went away so quickly with meds so I was unsure. That's so true! AHHHH hugs. Big hugs. I am LITERALLY right there with you. Med leave, debating going back or to a different school. The uncertainty is SO stressful, and I haven't really given enough thought to it, because first I had to make up my whole term in 3 weeks, then deal with cracked and broken teeth, and now realizing I might have to go back to the place....it's a lot. I hope that you can work it out with your therapist! I plan to talk to mine as well.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581787735}}
{"fhpb46y": {"text": "Hmmm...I think you're right about that actually. My overreactions when unmedicated fucked me up the whole day (ie. the crying for 3 hours after the panic attack, the needing to rest after the crying and wailing from the scare of cheating thing, etc.). This time, I've been able to recoup much quicker, and am even looking for things to distract me (I checked a grade on my portal, which could've been another stressor actually, and found I got an A! I was hoping for a B- in the class, so it was a big surprise). My body is more tired than my mind at this point. I want to learn coping tools for the overreaction to. I want to be able to problem-solve my way out of things, like my bro showed me and my therapist recommends.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581785545}}
{"fhp8a9g": {"text": "Thank you for responding! I'm so sorry that happens. I can relate. I don't go into suicidal ideation, but I've noticed I go into crying fits, thinking there's absolutely nothing I can do about the situation.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581784105}}
{"fhp83z2": {"text": "Ahh, I see. Thank you for responding! I was scared that having this strong a reaction, despite being medicated, meant there was something else going on besides bipolar. To learn poor reactions to stress aren't uncommon puts me at some ease.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581784015}}
{"fhp7i4m": {"text": "Thank you for responding! I usually have a good reaction to stress, but I'm finding that it's starting to break down, because this doesn't feel normal. I was wailing. And, this feels different from my manic or depressive episodes. (I also struggle with binge eating during episodes, so hugs &lt;3)That's interesting, I never thought of having some symptoms without having full blown borderline. I think the only symptoms I have are poor self-esteem (which isn't really an unstable self-image or sense of self per say), but especially binge eating and my out-of-proportion reactions to stress. I even typically have 'stable' mood (just high or low, or normal, but all over periods of time) besides 3 weeks from January where my mood went EVERYWHERE: going from euphoric to intense anxiety to paranoia to deep depression for a day, with days in between of feeling fine, and having really out-of-proportion reactions (panic attack that resulted in crying for 3 hours on and off; crying and wailing for 15 minutes for forgetting to change the date on a take home exam and scared of being called for cheating, etc. Once I got on Lamictal, it all changed. This is the first out-of-proportion reaction I've had in 2 weeks since Lamictal, and my mood has quickly reverted to where it was before. I think just seeing that number of the screen, and feeling my dreams dissipate in my hands, was very triggering. I'm gonna discuss this with my therapist, and work on better reactions of stress. I have been under a lot of stress due to the school situation. Because they ousted me, I went deep into a 2 month-long depression, then had to finish over half a term's worth of work in 3 weeks (the one time I can say, thank god for hypomania). And since they revoked my financial aid, I had to do an extensive financial appeal at the same time, and finally finished everything last Friday. In my mind, I imagined being DONE with that school forever, so to suddenly see how that had crumpled and it's very likely I have to go back...it feels very stressful.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581783697}}
{"fhp6r2k": {"text": "Thank you for responding! Do you mean huge triggers for a bipolar episode, or for a poor reaction to stress even outside of an episode? I'm finding its the case for both.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0r5", "time": 1581783305}}
{"fhp6fqs": {"text": "Thank you!! :)", "link_id": "t3_f448f7", "time": 1581783096}}
{"fhp6ens": {"text": "Thank you for responding! I feel that. I'm realizing I deal with stress HORRIBLY. I was scared that it's not common in bipolar, and maybe that's a sign something else is going on, that I have a different condition maybe.", "link_id": "t3_f4b16n", "time": 1581783074}}
{"fhp6bru": {"text": "Thank you for responding! I was nervous cuz, I am on Lamictal, and I was literally stable on consistently good mood and even for 2 weeks, before this happened. I was scared it's not common in bipolar and it's a sign that something else is going on, that something is amiss. That I was even misdiagnosed.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0kn", "time": 1581783016}}
{"fhp63kq": {"text": "Thank you. I was feeling like they were, but wasn't sure if I was just blaming them. I know there's a lot that was going on with me too, but I just don't see how they made it any easier. I'm diagnosed with bipolar! I'm titrating up on Lamictal, which took me out of a nasty mixed episode. Since February 3rd, I've had completely stable mood and been calm -- not emotionless (still express reasonable anger, tiredness, or happiness) but just completely different. This is the first out-of-proportion reaction I've had in 2 weeks. During my mixed episode, I had VERY labile mood (going from euphoric to intense anxiety to paranoia to deep depression for a day, with days in between of feeling fine) and having really out-of-proportion reactions (panic attack that resulted in crying for 3 hours on and off; crying and wailing for 15 minutes for forgetting to change the date on a take home exam and scared of being called for cheating, etc.). This was the first bad reaction I've had, but I'm on stabilizing meds, so I was worried there's something else going on.", "link_id": "t3_f4azup", "time": 1581782860}}
{"fhp5r60": {"text": "That's true. That's exactly how I'd feel unmedicated (and very occasionally while medicated too). Meds just make life more than liveable, so I guess I'll just have to deal with them. My therapist has insinuated that much, stigma wise, ha. There is a lot of work I need to do.", "link_id": "t3_f448f7", "time": 1581782616}}
{"fhp5m7r": {"text": "Thank you for responding!! I've been diagnosed with bipolar, but I guess I fear if it's the right diagnosis because of these experiences. I guess that is true, I'm taking that time off to try and work on me to be able to overcome those situations. Though, even my therapist and psychiatrist both have recommended I search for another school, saying the environment is not ideal for me. I go through the same experiences with mania and depression! I was just wondering if poor reactions to stress was also common in bipolar, or maybe that's a sign of something completely different (and potentially pointing to a misdiagnosis). Though, it might me anxiety issues, like you said, instead of a whole new diagnosis. I see splitting doesnt make sense in the context of bipolar, so that might indicate something there too.", "link_id": "t3_f4b0kn", "time": 1581782517}}
{"fhp55b0": {"text": "Exactly same boat! Right down to the not relating to what I see here. But, it's always BP1 somehow. I feel the same about ADHD. Can I PM you about your experience with bpd? I'm still questioning whether there are some things that don't make sense with bipolar, and I'm just trying to ask different people about their own experiences as well to see if there's something there.You're right tho, it's hard to gain an objective perspective on your own mental state, especially with the disorder specifically messes with that. That's probably what it is, I just fear misdiagnosis for some reason as well.", "link_id": "t3_f448f7", "time": 1581782184}}
{"fhp4uvn": {"text": "Thank you :) Exactly! I definitely will, thank you!", "link_id": "t3_f3wpnx", "time": 1581781973}}
{"fho8yat": {"text": "Thank you so much for replying to me! I've definitely gotten obsessed over everyone I encounter wanting to jump me or beat me up, or thinking the Illuminati/the govt. were scheming on my life and puppeteering me. I still have problems sleeping after my latest paranoid episode. Can't say I've ever gotten that far on an obsession, no. But I will research on a topic for the weeks I'm obsessed, or go on research sprees justifying to myself why I need the next thing. Last time, I scoured the city for (and bought) a cheap bike and a pair of broken rollerblades and some pads. Two weeks worth of scouring, after weeks of researching. I was so obsessed with getting a new bike, my family bought a brand new one for me as a Christmas/birthday gift. It's been used 3x. I went scouring for a new bike AFTER I got the new one, cuz I reasoned having 2 made sense. I don't know how. I've been doing the same, obsessed on here, trying to prove I'm not a faker somehow. I've been diagnosed BP1, but my experiences just feel so *mild* and inconsequential compared to everyone else's. I feel like a fraud. Hmmm, I feel that. I'm so happy you're feeling more stable now, that's so much to go through :( a mood stabilizer has made night and day for me too. I wasn't self-medicating but I was literally switching between euphoria to intense anxiety and panic attacks to intense depression every few days, having brief intense paranoia, having rage moments, terrible impulses, overreactions to stimuli, sensory overload, crying fits....it was too much. And I was sleeping an average of 2-3 hrs a night. It was hell. I was convincing myself, no, I'm stable, I feel fine, *I just need to finish this one assignment* before my brother called me a drama queen. He's seen me at my worst, and I am literally the calmest person. I've never been called that before. That's when I realized, this shit is getting out of hand. Stable now, I can't even believe I put myself through all that before JUST TAKING MY MEDS. Worst mixed mania I've dealt with, and the last mixed manic episode I had, I shaved my head, took a shower with all my clothes on then barged into chem lecture sopping wet, and booked an immediate ticket from California back home to New York.  Good times. The meds sure are helping, and it's so nice NOT feeling miserable all the time. Even, feeling content. I'm wishing you the best as well! Thank you.", "link_id": "t3_f448f7", "time": 1581745699}}
{"fho82db": {"text": "That's interesting....I never thought of it like that. That's true, every important lesson I've learned has usually been associated with an evocative emotion at the time. I've been speaking about it with friends and my psychologist, which has been helping.", "link_id": "t3_f449xl", "time": 1581744733}}
{"fho7ywg": {"text": "Oh, wow! I'm so sorry you went through all of that, and  alone too :( It really does help to have friends there with you when you're going through it. I told all of my friends how depressed I was, and they were fairly supportive, if not shell shocked (we were young, maybe 15 at the time)...I've told them about my most recent bipolar diagnosis and my episodes, and they've been nothing short of supportive while still treating me like regular psychsweets. I can't say that I've self-harmed or punished myself, or even blamed myself to the same degree, but I have gotten better at the self-esteem thing over the years. Self esteem and self-respect. I'd always set boundaries and do things because I figured that's probably appropriate to do, but now I know why I do them and why it makes sense to do them, considering who I am. Everything really is connected! My anxiety switches off with my depression and doesn't show often (I've had anxiety 2x in the last 5 years, but each for a month or 3 weeks each), but life is easier without it. That's also true, my body probably got used to it, or it wasn't the right kind. I'm hoping this one sticks for me. I want to do an involved test to make sure that I'm not dealing with BPD, cuz I'm not sure if the symptoms I outlined here are resulting from that as well/instead. My psychologist doesn't think so (I brought it up as the main discussion today), but it still helps to get a second opinion.", "link_id": "t3_f3wpnx", "time": 1581744628}}
{"fho6mzf": {"text": "Thank you for replying :) I really do need to figure out how to convert this understanding to a gut feeling, and feeling relief at that. Right now, it just feels like knowledge that I'm not internalizing.", "link_id": "t3_f449xl", "time": 1581743246}}
{"fhnws04": {"text": "Thank you for replying! Do you find that, when you implode on yourself, you're just more self-critical towards yourself? I find I can be self-critical and generally have poorer self-esteem, but I'm never really angry at myself. Often, if i feel I've been dealt wrong, i place the blame at that situation. I moreso blame myself sometimes when I'm not able to do work so well or have trouble finishing a semester, but I dont blame myself for friends not responding to me, tough times with profs, depression, etc. The only thing I'd blame myself for, in those examples, is not bouncing back as well as I can in a depressive state. I do need tools to work through things, and I'm trying to develop them in the case that I cant overcome an episode. But I generally find that medication lifts me out of everything bad I'm feeling. I have no depression or anxiety when on it. It returns when I haven't been on it, or it stops working for some reason.", "link_id": "t3_f3wpnx", "time": 1581734436}}
{"fhmtmqd": {"text": "Thank you!!", "link_id": "t3_f3wqn9", "time": 1581717807}}
{"fhmsxn9": {"text": "Thank you :) And, that's true, I didn't think of that. I talked with my therapist, and she said that she doesn't see it in my, and explained how all the things I felt (that I outlined here) aren't uncommon in people with severe depression. So, now I don't know...whether she's stating facts, or just doesn't want to give a diagnosis that may fit. But, maybe it's better to leave it be, if I'm still doing better. Thank you much, and I wish you well!", "link_id": "t3_f3wpxg", "time": 1581717609}}
{"fhmsdf3": {"text": "Hmmm....you might be onto something. It might've just been depression I was going through, because I similarly don't have those symptoms when stable OR manic. It's like the meds did away with everything, and the therapy just helps maintain.Can I PM you about your experiences? I'd love to see if there are similarities to see if it makes sense going about making sure if it's just bipolar!", "link_id": "t3_f3wqn9", "time": 1581717357}}
{"fhmrpwy": {"text": "Hmmm...I see. Maybe my symptoms are just a result of a different mental illness rather than a behavioral disorder, since those damn near been 'wiped away' with meds. I mean, I have been in therapy since I was 16, but it's your average 1x or 2x week talk therapy. (There's a lot that goes into it, like problem-solving and stuff, but it's nothing like CBT or DBT or something specific I don't think), and I've had it in those times and now that I feel very different/better, so the only thing that's really changed is the meds. It could be a case of comorbidity tho, as well. I'm just not sure.", "link_id": "t3_f3wpnx", "time": 1581717191}}
{"fhmr3sp": {"text": "Hmmm...I didn't think of it like that, with my relationships. Or remembering that bpd isn't a chemical imbalance in the brain.I have been in therapy since I was 16, but I wouldn't say it was 'intensive,' just normal individualized therapy 1x or 2x a week. Maybe that can be considered intense to some tho!I've dealt with trauma as a kid, but I wonder if that's changed me, or I've just 'risen above' the trauma somehow. My father was abusive and had mental issues, but my brothers and my mom bore the brunt of the physical and emotional abuse. My father's family was also really toxic to us. Then, one of my brothers and I fought like crazy growing up, and he was often physically abusive to me as well since he's older (one time, he chased my other brother and me with a knife threatening to kill us). Then, from 16 to 19, I dealt with a series of close family deaths (godmother, close aunt, grandfather, etc.), a housefire (and us being homeless for a bit), mom's cancer, father's death, mom's loss of income and unemployment, mom's car accident ruining her back, my brother nearly dying from sepsis...so there's been a lot. I love my mom, but she'd often blame me when my brother and I started fighting again, saying it's my fault since 'I'm supposed to be the level headed one.' We've moved pass all that tho.I had an issue where I wouldn't speak out my thoughts, cuz I expected that I wouldn't get heard. As I've gotten older, I've been speaking out my thoughts more and making sure my emotions are known, to the point where my mom now calls me assertive. I also share a lot, and I think healthily, with my friends as well. We've worked on family issues in family therapy, and now I'd count my family members as my fiercest supporters and I share everything with them. Still, I wonder if the traumas I've overcome, have burned me in some way. I guess still tho, them affecting me doesn't mean I have a personality disorder and that THAT's the way I've been affected.I still struggle with poor self esteem and the (declining) need for perfectionism. But, I think I'm a lot better than I used to be.", "link_id": "t3_f3wpxg", "time": 1581716915}}
{"fhmpvie": {"text": "No, no, thank you for giving me your thoughts! And, that's true I guess, a remission stage would indicate more stability and less dissociation or feelings of abandonment. I just spoke with my psychologist that doubts the possibility of me having bpd, but she seemed to describe more of the stereotypical profile of someone with bpd, instead of the other subtypes that are possible too. So, I don't know.", "link_id": "t3_f3wpa3", "time": 1581716338}}
{"fhmius6": {"text": "So pretty!! :) (Pics are one of my fave forms of med too)", "link_id": "t3_f3xh72", "time": 1581713440}}
{"fhmet6g": {"text": "Hmmm....I never thought of the idea that it could be a remission, if I have it. Is it possible for remission to just happen? I didnt do anything different regarding therapy, there wasnt a difference in the type of therapy I was getting between pre-symptoms and post-symptoms. The only difference was the meds. Then again, maybe it happens that way as well.", "link_id": "t3_f3wpa3", "time": 1581711850}}
{"fhme77m": {"text": "Tis!! I'm still only on 50 mg, but I had a dream last night from the perspectives of multiple children escaping a serial killer that attacked their families. Literally, the dream would go thru one kid who couldnt escape the killer, then to the next kid, and go thru all the broken glass and attempts to run away that theyd try. It ended with one person begging for help at a mcdonalds, that the serial killer happened to work at somehow. It pictures the kids running away, barefoot, and then the dream got into a close up of the killer (that worked at mcdonalds) shooting a gun shot and the kid getting hit. It featured a part where the kids tried to escape to a neighbors house too. BIZARRE. Sorry for the gory details, I just really had to get that out of me.", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1581711588}}
{"fhkmkp1": {"text": "Ahhh, I see. That does sound like some untraditional risk-taking! I used to bring alcohol to class knowing I could get caught (in hs), and in college only in those states do I drink, and drink a LOT. Very rare, tho. I don't think I risk take besides that. Maybe going to Dunkin Donuts when its dark, believing nothing will happen to me (I live in a city, and my part of the neighborhood's getting an uptick in crime), and same with coming back late at night. As a teen, I used to go into blizzards poorly dressed for ice cream and things like that. I got a high off of withstanding as much cold as possible. It's died down now. Right! The irritation is the worst, and scariest part for me. Oh wow! I'm so happy you got help before that point too. I'm thankful that my kindest, most compassionate people are my mom and a couple friends. Nothing I say freaks them. I described a paranoid episode (damn near psychotic) to a friend, and she called me immediately afterwards, while she was in class, to make sure I was okay. We're lucky ones, in that regard. I'm hoping that my new set of meds do some wonders for me! I'm glad they've done for you; and right, the *right* meds help a ton! Just wanna get to that point. This helps a lot :) and thank you! I'm wishing you well!", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581686988}}
{"fhkl7yk": {"text": "That's it! I find myself more asexualized when manic because I'm too busy obsessed with whatever I've got myself into at that time. Hmmm....flight of ideas. In my last hypomanic ep (before it turned into a nasty mixed state), I think I got something similar to flight of ideas. It didn't last, but I spent a few hours talking to myself outside, excited about taking on a new lease on life, thinking of all these ways I'm gonna involve myself in my community and dedicate myself to the war on capitalism! Another time, I got flight of ideas in my writing and wrote lots of poems in limited amount of time. Another time (on another ep, I mean), during the summer of my first year, I planned out my whole college career and a couple years after: clubs I'd join, causes I'd initiate in a 7 minute shower. This was a 4-5 year plan, by a woman who is so indecisive in daily life and had no idea how to approach college, at a place she HATED.Would those examples count as flight of ideas? I also saw most of it as overplanning for myself. I'm not really creative, but in those times I feel almost....important, in the world. As someone who suffers with poor self-esteem, it's a welcomed change. Hehe, that's funny, in regards to the speech part! No rapid speech when everyone's already speaking at your level (and you them) ;) I find that I can usually shut myself up, but I TYPE like crazy, I can't stop. I almost feel 'allowed' to more, to type than anything else. That's true, I focus a lot less on the symptoms I have than the ones I don't, and look to those popular culture portrayals of bipolar (that aren't uncommon in real life as well), and feel, 'hey, I don't have that, or have it like that, so I don't have this.' I get self-conscious for not 'meeting' all the bipolar 'tickmarks' sometimes. (Copied from another comment, but) I know for my symptoms, I have: over-productivity, goal making, and becoming obsessive over something are my key symptoms, in addition to increased sociability, hyperfocus, and the magnified sensory (over)stimulation. The irritable or elated moods and impulses usually follow, and the occasional paranoia comes as a plus, lol.Just no racing thoughts. When talking to people, they do comment that my thoughts seem disorganized at times, or when speaking I come off disorganized.The more I look at it, the more it feels maybe more like ADHD, which I was diagnosed with before BP. However, I've come to realize it's more cyclical and usually interchanges with depression afterwards, so I don't know what to think.", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581686191}}
{"fhkjmch": {"text": "Hmmm....that's interesting. Over-productivity, goal making, and becoming obsessive over something are my key symptoms, in addition to increased sociability, hyperfocus, and the magnified sensory (over)stimulation.  The irritable or elated moods usually follow, and the occasional paranoia comes as a plus, lol.", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581685179}}
{"fhgjqls": {"text": "Thank you so much!! I really hope it goes well.", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581569042}}
{"fhgjpik": {"text": "Thank you!! Hehe, me too! I sure am trying!", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581569017}}
{"fhfhq4d": {"text": "Thank you!! I dont know why I didnt start it sooner. Antipsychotics help with acute episodes, but in terms of maintenance and prevention, mood stabilizers really are the way to go. I've never felt so even so quickly. I wonder if the episode was just running its course, but I rather not experiment to find out ;) I hope that things continue to go well for you!", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1581543602}}
{"fhf4b7v": {"text": "I agree! It's so weird. Hmmm....that's fair. What I often feel is my mind go blank and I feel almost too overwhelmed to think when anxious. I dont think anything. It's almost the exact opposite of racing thoughts. Again, frenzy, emotions everywhere, definitely feel it. Almost like, my EMOTIONS are 'racing' but not my thoughts. Its weird.", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581535936}}
{"fhewatu": {"text": "Wow, I understand her being miffed! That's a key part to a lot of peoples manias. Hmmm....I'm taking lamictal rn, and even tho it's a low dose, I think I'm already noticing a difference. I'm hoping you can too! Learning disorders are so hard amongst everything else.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1581531221}}
{"fhetpdz": {"text": "Thank you!!", "link_id": "t3_f2rj62", "time": 1581529714}}
{"fhesuaj": {"text": "Wow, that's exactly like me! Do you mind if I PM you?\"Don't rely on media to tell you how to bipolar properly.\" --&gt; I FELT that. This is true, I have been thinking a lot of how I don't fit classically with depictions of bipolar, even searching for whatever other disorders could explain things. But, I'm not finding anything 'perfect' there either. Maybe I'm getting all up over myself since there's no one way to 'bipolar' properly. It's so hard to believe it.", "link_id": "t3_f2rj62", "time": 1581529209}}
{"fheqwea": {"text": "Ahhh, I see. Ooof, I feel that heavily. Not quite as extreme, but right down to not being able to sleep cuz of it.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1581528064}}
{"fhel619": {"text": "Hmmmm, that's really interesting. But, right, the racing thoughts seem to be a predominant experience! And I dont really exhibit impulsive behavior otherwise. I'll start writing down everything that comes up for a future doc/therapist. Hopefully I can get to the bottom of this.", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581524715}}
{"fheirmg": {"text": "Thank you so much!! :)", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581523275}}
{"fheijym": {"text": "So sorry, I never saw this! And so never replied. This is so helpful!! I identify with a lot of what you posted. I have issues with overeating, and only occasionally have I not wanted to eat. But, these times usually align with me (finally) getting the idea of a diet in my held, or subconsciously just NOT eating. Foods actually don't taste good in my mouth, they taste like eating parchment. Then, some time later, I go back to normal and just overeating in general. I also don't get pressured speech (or racing thoughts for that matter), but get OBSESSED to things, or just hyperfocus on work or some other thing. Also occasionally daydream a lot when this happens. I thankfully don't turn to substances when things get difficult. I think food is my fill in for substances, tho. And, occasionally, I've felt like (and gone on) an alcohol bender 'cuz I can' (really out of character for me). The meltdowns! I'll end up raging, or screaming at myself. Feeling overstimulated by senses around me. It's like my head feels like exploding! It's too much. Occasionally this shows as overcrying/crying at all, but usually not. I spring right to rage if it gets bad enough. I usually don't have delusions, but I have gotten bad paranoia on two/three counts -- once at school (forgot how long it lasted: thinking everyone was talking about me and saying how weird or ugly I am or always laughing at me), once for a month long 2 years ago (thought everyone was secretly plotting how to beat me up, didn't trust randos at all), and once in the last couple weeks (had 2 days of super paranoia over the Kobe Bryant helicopter crash, I thought the govt./Illuminati caused it and they were puppeteering my life and watching me somehow, I couldn't sleep and broke down in tears later when my mom had to go to work cuz I didn't wanna be alone and watched).Sleep, SUPER disordered, this past month I'd be lucky to get 4 or 5 hours, usually closer to 2 or 3. I'd also similarly have restlessness, where I wouldn't jump from task to task, but thought of all the things I wanted to do and felt I should do and was paralyzed with the feeling that I couldn't do any of it. Terrible. Sometimes, will nod excessively and need to pat my thighs to get some calm in. I used to have bad anxiety that literally went away nearly over night (alongside the rage moments, which spring up every now and then) after I stopped taking antidepressants, I think. Now, I rarely have periods of episodic extreme anxiety like attacks, usually in response to extremely stressful situations. Now I don't know what to think.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1581523148}}
{"fheh5ee": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 It was a lot!! I just feel so good to be done \\^\\_\\^", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581522300}}
{"fhef4um": {"text": "I think so, just in case. I don't think I'm in an episode rn, but I can try to recall and write down enough of my experiences to see if someone else can make sense of them.", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581521049}}
{"fhef19r": {"text": "That's true, that's true. I guess it does vary person to person, and 'type' to 'type'. It just feels so weird. I feel like I have all the auxiliary symptoms of (hypo)mania without the main symptoms!", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581520986}}
{"fheetgk": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581520850}}
{"fheesdr": {"text": "&lt;3 &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581520831}}
{"fheepya": {"text": "This past Friday, I FINALLY finished my incomplete courses from fall semester!! I was forced off campus before Thanksgiving break, and also fell into a bad depression afterwards/as a result, so I only had 3 weeks to make up at least half a semester of work. BUT I PULLED IT OFF.My school also revoked my financial aid during this time period, and I was able to complete an extensive financial aid appeal application in barely 3 days, and submitted it on the day of my last final exam. 3 weeks of utter stress and episodic moments, gone! Now, I'm just trying to chill out a bit before my next agenda.", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581520787}}
{"fheefyv": {"text": "Enjoy, and take lots of fun pictures :)", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581520610}}
{"fheeexl": {"text": "Congrats!! Keep going!!", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581520592}}
{"fheedqv": {"text": "That's so good you're making art again, and didn't give up!! A decade is a really long time to wait on something to work, so you should be really proud of yourself to pushing through when it got really tough.", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581520572}}
{"fheeapb": {"text": "Congrats!!", "link_id": "t3_f2pq8y", "time": 1581520517}}
{"fhee6h8": {"text": "That's true, I know part of what's clouding my opinion of my diagnosis is not fitting that unrealistic, extreme, stereotypical profile of bipolar. And maybe this is just my way of saying 'I'm not THAT, so I can't be this.' But I'm just confused. I don't overspend recklessly, ever (I'm not frugal with my money, but I  don't overspend). I never have racing thoughts. I rarely drink alcohol, even socially. I have gotten deep into conspiracies a couple times in my life and gotten really paranoid, and I do easily get obsessed in specific things in my 'states'. But I feel like, most of my experience, it just doesn't line up. I agree with that, you'd (usually) never know something's wrong with me unless you lived with me or spent some time with me, like my friends. I want to trust the professional's opinion, but some things feel like they don't add up.", "link_id": "t3_f2rj62", "time": 1581520443}}
{"fhedr52": {"text": "I think I'll do that. I know none of this stuff is definitive, but I want a full length questionnaire, I want my family history asked, I want a narrative portion to the interview. I want other things to be ruled out first. It feels like I fit criteria for all these different things, but nothing sure for ONE thing. I'm frustrated.", "link_id": "t3_f2rj62", "time": 1581520170}}
{"fhedn7f": {"text": "Ahhh, I see. I feel like such an anomaly.", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581520100}}
{"fhedk56": {"text": "I have, but I think more so because I was quickly diagnosed at the hospital, then every subsequent psychiatrist (3) I saw just piggybacked off of that. I've never gotten a full length diagnostic, just people hearing a portion of my story and saying 'yeah, that sounds right.' But, I don't think that's enough.", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581520045}}
{"fheb1cs": {"text": "I think I'll do that. I really need to do a diagnostic assessment to see if I'm overthinking things.", "link_id": "t3_f2rj62", "time": 1581518360}}
{"fheaahy": {"text": "Hmmm....I relate a lot to what you said. I'm not quite sure I exhibit risk taking behavior either, at least not the traditional risk taking. Do you mind if I ask how it manifests for you? You don't have to answer, of course. I also eventually get very irritated, more so having lil rage moments and having out-of-proportion reactions to stimuli that'd make anyone go 'oop!' Ive never gotten feedback about rapid/loud speech from friends or family, and genuinely don't feel my thoughts 'zoom'. Maybe that's a symptom that'll present later, but I don't think I have it.", "link_id": "t3_f2rjc2", "time": 1581517846}}
{"fhe8xen": {"text": "I think I just barely meet 4 criteria, aside from the elevates or irritable mood. Hmmm....", "link_id": "t3_f2rj62", "time": 1581516882}}
{"fhdqutl": {"text": "Wow, that's awesome to hear about the Lamictal! Sounds like, if my experience is like yours, it's only going up from here. I'm happy you found a stable med regime, even if you can't go med free. It's hard to realize when you need meds, but at least the meds are working? If the Lamictal doesn't work for me, I might try getting the med testing done myself. I've cycled through a lot. It sounds like you had a real transformation inside out! I love that. I want to b the kind of person that can facilitate a healthy lifestyle for myself, but these habits and thinking die hard so I might need a lil bit of help. I was thinking of doing some kind of targeted outpatient, and was toying around a lil bit with a CBT or DBT focused one. I might look into it more now! Thank you &lt;3 you're too sweet. I'm wishing you continued happiness and stability as well (and success too)! Thank you for reminding me that I'm not alone. It's hard when my fam and even friends don't 'get it,' but you guys do.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581497059}}
{"fhdq9oq": {"text": "Hehe, that's a good idea, because you're right! When they're not in your face and seem far off, choosing the unhealthy option seems easier when it's really not. Thank you &lt;3 I believe in us!! Or at least, me catching up to you :)", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581496246}}
{"fhdq698": {"text": "Oh my gosh!! That honestly sucks that, the proper response resulted in more pain! All from a cavity. And I have a lot of cavities that need filling :( This really has to stop now. Thank you &lt;3 I'm gonna try to remember that, I'm not the only one, and everyone just wants me to be healthy.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581496120}}
{"fhdq1y9": {"text": "Whoa, 2 jobs is a lot to handle! I'll be lucky if I can even do one. I'm gonna hope that I can!", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581495958}}
{"fhbi9gd": {"text": "That'd be the dream...I'd love to get into research or work with a mentor whe I'm over there. Either that or get some office experience somehow! But, if a gallery guard is all I can get, hey at least I'm getting paid :)", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581442837}}
{"fhbdbtm": {"text": "Wow! That is very lucky, that it was able to cover that too. I will look out for some campus jobs when I get back to campus; I tried one this past semester, but cuz I was forced off campus, that didn't work out. I might see if I can get work study since I probably will be taking on loans when I get back.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581439943}}
{"fhbd2ir": {"text": "That sounds so scary :/ And, it is! I don't know why I don't remind myself this when I don't do it. I also potentially have 'softer' teeth (my dentist told me), so I know my teeth won't last forever. The dentist has always been expensive for me, and I truly want to change that.I just got an electric toothbrush as a gift! I better start using it.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581439790}}
{"fhbcr30": {"text": "That's a really good way of looking at it. We gotta move the goalposts forward; I've divulged my status to most of my close friends, so it even only makes sense I reveal it to my (teeth) doctor. The reason people are starting to be more open and understanding to those with bipolar is because of people who've advocated before us, so I'd like to be part of that tradition. Oh wow! Oof, I've started taking Lamictal recently, so it's really good that you told me this! Thank you. I'm still titrating up (and maybe this is because a main source of stress was eradicated at the same time, a few days after I started taking it) but I was going through a nasty mixed episode and I feel so level rn. I'm hoping this is the one, and it continues being the one (or rather, two) for you! Thanks as well for giving me a guide to approaching dry mouth, in the case that it happens! I'm saving it. You're right, I always forget there are 'healthy' people who struggle with dental hygiene and care as well. This was so inspiring; I sure as hell am NOT the same person from a year ago. I want to make these changes, among others. It's so hard to believe I have power, but I've really been through some things, so it must be there. I'll take this experience as a restart.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581439601}}
{"fhb8m1e": {"text": "Hehe, I gotta look into his life more! I skipped quickly past that part of history, haha. Aww stahp :') we are amazing, and it has to work out!!", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581437111}}
{"fhb8d6c": {"text": "That's very true...I can't keep up with anything at the moment because of the issue with emotion regulation and the regulation of energy states from bipolar. At least, that was a lot of the past few months for me (might I be getting some form of something towards actually doing stuff now?). That's true, it's hard to strike a balance between sick days needed for health without risking losing the job. I run into trouble with sick days just for school! I imagine for a job is much more difficult. That's another reason why I need to do well in school and want to try to aim high. I NEED a job that can accommodate me in terms of good benefits and valid sick time. My mom's worked jobs that are shit at both, and she has a lot of physical health issues, but somehow she can still do it. As someone with physical and psychiatric health issues, I know I won't be so lucky. Of course, I'll have to work towards trying to be, since I don't think the first job out will be great in those areas (and not so soon), but still, that's a goal of mine.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581436962}}
{"fhawznz": {"text": "Wow, I feel that. That's so commendable that you figured that out tho, and with good benefits and time off! That's my goal, in a few years. It doesnt make the grind easier tho, like you said. Just makes some things easier to deal with; I can imagine keeping up is very hard.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581429351}}
{"fhawks0": {"text": "Hehe, that's where I live! That's part of why it's so hard. But, you're right. I'm gonna try hard to not let it get to me :)", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581429028}}
{"fhauwjf": {"text": "I will!!", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581427703}}
{"fhaup2r": {"text": "Shit, I'm so sorry you had to deal with an abusive childhood on top of everything. This life is cruel, a lot of the time. I'm lucky in that my mom's really supportive of me, so it's easy to choose to stay at home. Just the shame about it all, which I shouldn't be too hard on myself about. You're right, I won't regret getting stable, you're absolutely right.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581427530}}
{"fhau2pc": {"text": "Thank you for saying that :) You're right, it's better to be stable, however you get there, than a mess and 'independent'. I can't think of moving out until I get to a state of stability.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581426999}}
{"fhatrb9": {"text": "Wow, I didn't know anyone got it at the same exact point that I'm at! I might see about explaining to him what's happening and tips as to how to get around that, especially because I really do feel like a gross child who can't take care of themselves as well. In the case that my dentist is less understanding, I'll follow your docs advice for you. I'll try that smiling trick, and especially planning it into my schedule somehow. This is something I really want to be better at. I'm so sorry your meds are giving you bad dry mouth! Is there anything the dentist suggests for that? (and, which meds, if you don't mind me asking? Just so I know that's a possibility with them.)The struggle really is real. You're right, I'm gonna try to instill tactics that make sense for where I'm at rn, and try to build up to where I want to be with things.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581426725}}
{"fhaspzf": {"text": "I'm hoping the visit goes well!! I've been there. Thanks for making me feel less alone :) And, thank you, for making me feel better about my education journey. You're right, we all move at our own pace. I just wish it wasn't so cemented in society, this idea that you MUST go to school immediately after high school for ONLY 4 years, so I didn't have to feel like this.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581425797}}
{"fhasllz": {"text": "Being an adult really is hard! I'm happy you got that inheritance. Thanks for relating to how I'm feeling rn; I'll probably be burdening my mom till about 27, at the rate my degree's going (I'm taking some time off rn). It's so hard keeping up with things like doctors and dentists and daily grooming and care, let alone responsibilities. I hope one day, I'll get there.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581425685}}
{"fhasg3r": {"text": "Thank you for replying! I'm so sorry for your periodontal disease. That is a really rough pill to swallow amidst dealing with this illness.That's so nice, that your dentist and dental hygienist could understand and you felt open enough to share with them, that your dentist opened that communication by revealing his depression. I'm not sure I'll get the same relatibility, but it makes sense to reveal what's going on with me, at least from a medication standpoint. Maybe we can try to come up with ways together to get around it, since he just tells me 'do this' or 'do more' and I don't know how to tell him it all goes out the window once an episode hits.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581425542}}
{"fhas54z": {"text": "Oh, wow! Congratulations, you're doing so much rn!! I can feel the hard work through the screen, but I know it ain't easy. Thank you for reminding me I'm not alone; this taking care of yourself thing is REALLY hard for me, and I try to make it easier. But I guess I'll keep trying. One day, it's gotta get better. You make a good case on us being able to do it, with that Winston Churchill example. I might steal that from you.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581425240}}
{"fharxmw": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 'you can only crawl before you walk' -- I'm gonna remember that :') I really am. It's really hard to do, but I have to remember that.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581425027}}
{"fharvqg": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 it's hard to remember that this technically should be a 'win' day, given I've been putting it off so long. I want to mention I have bipolar, but in case I don't feel comfortable, I'll go with your route. Thank you. Here's hoping it works! I have to see him again today.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581424972}}
{"fharpt7": {"text": "Same!! That's how I feel sometimes. It's definitely a coping strategy, I'm realizing. Huh, dissociative amnesia? That's interesting, I never thought that could be a case without the typical amnesia. I'm I still lucid if I thought through a lot of my day with them? Oh no :( I used to do that with one of my characters as well, in high school. Used to imagine them having a better life than I was currently having. Since not caring as much about that stuff, I've felt less of a need to fantasize about it. I hope things can lift up from here for you. When did you develop your characters, if you don't mind me asking? My bro says I've had them as long as he can remember. I've suffered a lot of family deaths in a short amount of time as well, and I feel my mind trying to forget them some as well. It's hard.", "link_id": "t3_ew9b2b", "time": 1581424781}}
{"fharfkj": {"text": "No, he doesn't! You and another font are making me realize, maybe I should let them know. I never thought of having them understand, or the ways that meds could interfere with anesthesia or teeth issues. Maybe I'm unaware of forms we had to fill! (I'm in U.S.) I've also seen this dentist for a few years, so it was before I was diagnosed. Thank you for responding, I might see about that.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581424463}}
{"fh97ie9": {"text": "Thank you! I sure am in pain (and it's only the start of some overdue treatment), but I do still recommend it!Yeah, it really is. I'll do that!! (And keep going to the dentist from now on ^_^)", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581374867}}
{"fh8ykrw": {"text": "Thank you so much &lt;3 you, and others who've replied to me, have helped me feel better about all this. I always worry I just become a 'venter' in these groups, but it does help to get it out there and not keep ruminating on the thoughts in my head. I'm definitely gonna do some self-care after eating \\^\\_\\^ Thank you for all of your responses on my posts! I always notice, and they always really help.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfd2", "time": 1581370026}}
{"fh8ybnl": {"text": "I never think of it like that....this really is a disability. It's literally impacting my health. I want to do better from now on to develop tactics around it affecting my health so much, but I can't blame myself for not being able to do that in the past. It's harder to feel the same way about the present, though.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfd2", "time": 1581369876}}
{"fh8xyc1": {"text": "Lol, I read opinions too! The mind is a wondrous thing. And thank you \\^\\_\\^ I'll keep on! It appears I believed my post was part of what he was talking about when it wasn't.", "link_id": "t3_f1qsq7", "time": 1581369657}}
{"fh8xui5": {"text": "Thank you....I do have a terrible habit of framing situations 'against' myself. You're right, it is a victory I went and did this. For once, I was prioritizing my physical health, which is hard for me to do. And, you're right, even if the receptionist was thinking those things, they don't have an effect on me. They don't know my story, and even if they did, I shouldn't place so much weight on their judgment. It's so hard to remind myself of this when in the moment.Next time, I might ask to not talk about school, or just rather not talk, since it's distressing for me to recount my situation. Thank you so much for re-situating this for me. I gotta look at the victories in the situation and that I'm finally trying to take care of myself, which is the right thing to do.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfxm", "time": 1581369593}}
{"fh8xckj": {"text": "Thanks for explaining! I was worried about my posts, since I wasn't sure if I wasn't being considerate.I completely understand where you and OP are coming from, tho. Person A makes no sense to me, since bipolar is often independent of life events; can be triggered by them, yes, but it's really severe and long lasting (and this is someone who had really out-of-proportion reactions to stimuli while in an episode/not properly medicated because of stress).There isn't enough knowledge on the spectrum of different psychiatric disorders (esp mood) and the different ways one can naturally react to things. We're not supposed to be in 'even mood' all the time, that's natural. There's also a tendency to pathologize things (I'm bad at doing this sometimes) that, while not necessarily normal as in 'in the norm' of society, also are fine things to do and feel. It alienates people who really struggle with these illnesses even further. I don't even wanna get started on the totem pole 'how bad do you have it' olympics you said they can breed.", "link_id": "t3_f1qsq7", "time": 1581369301}}
{"fh8tgkq": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 It's always hard to realize that what I'm doing, and going thru, is part of the illness. I just feel so shitty about my situation at times. I'll try to cut myself some more slack, like you said. I just really felt terrible in that moment I posted.", "link_id": "t3_f1vfd2", "time": 1581367023}}
{"fh8tcl0": {"text": "You're right, I need to bring this up to my doctor next time I see them. I tried to, but they brushed it off. Maybe my therapist will listen a lil more closely. And I do forget that DID is pretty rare...it might be something else entirely, what I'm experiencing. I've been having a hard time with my diagnosis since I feel like I'm a square peg fitting into a circle with it, a lot of the time. Thank you for the good wishes!", "link_id": "t3_ew9de6", "time": 1581366959}}
{"fh8obkc": {"text": "Thank you, this makes me feel a lil better about making those kinds of posts. I'd hate to make anyone feel uncomfortable, but it helps since I have no idea about what's going on with me or if maybe other people can shed light on their experiences, what I should look out for, or maybe if I'm overthinking things!", "link_id": "t3_f1qsq7", "time": 1581363976}}
{"fh8mm8b": {"text": "I'm so sorry for your loss!! I'm moved by your piece, and I cant imagine the pain you're going through. Sending my thoughts and good vibes.", "link_id": "t3_f1ukl6", "time": 1581362944}}
{"fh8miph": {"text": "Hehe, thank you :)", "link_id": "t3_f1qsq7", "time": 1581362886}}
{"fh8k7c8": {"text": "I'm sorry if I've contributed to this. I've posted twice: once about asking if hypomania can come in 'spurts' because of some strange behavior that lasted over the period of a few weeks. I've also asked about whether an extreme anxiety attack, for someone who regularly doesnt have anxiety, can be a sign of mania considering it happened during these few weeks and I had a bad reaction to that afterwards (sobbing for 3 hrs straight). I wasnt sure since I've heard anxiety can be a representation of mania. I apologize if my post was part of the reason for thisp post, and I wont ask any questions like that again.", "link_id": "t3_f1qsq7", "time": 1581361481}}
{"fh61p6e": {"text": "Went through 3 straight weeks where I'd sleep an average of 2-3 hrs a night, maybe a 4 hr or 5 hr thrown in once a week/week-and-a-half, and I always woke up with a bright start. I'd feel fine during the day, aside from a few days of really weird mood fluctuations (like, severe). Lately, I'm on a new med that puts me to sleep, so I'm getting closer to 6-8 hrs. Last night, I got about 11, surprise to me. I still wake up feeling pretty refreshed. Don't know what to make of it. I do get 'tired' of the day by the middle of it, not tired, but just not wanting to deal with it tho.", "link_id": "t3_f139kg", "time": 1581294373}}
{"fh604el": {"text": "I'm completely unsure. I'm debating my diagnosis with my therapist currently, so I'll call my 'revved up' periods 'off1' moments, and my 'mixed' (somewhat revved up AND depressive) moments 'off2'.I don't remember how long my 'off1' periods lasted when I was in my late teens (and they were often dysphoric), only that I did some out of character stuff during them. My depressions typically lasted a season/school term, then always lifted in the summer time and over school breaks. Maybe had 1 month per semester where I felt fine (usually the first month), then it devolved into a terrible depression for 2-3 months.In college, I had my first notable (as in, even loose friends knew something was off) 'off1' period for a month and a week. Then depression for 2 months, then 'off2' period for 2 months, then DEEP depression for 3 weeks, then switch to 'off1' period for 2 weeks (overnight switch once I got into the hospital), then light 'off1' period for a month, followed by a deeply dysphoric 'off1' period for another month. Then I had a depression that last 8 months. Then normal (maybe 1 or 2 light 'off1' periods for 2 weeks, each) period for 5 months.Had nothing for a month, then a really strong 'off1' moment for a few days, then a depressive ep for 2 1/2 months. Then, an 'off1' period for 10 days, followed by some weird 'off2' period for 3 weeks.All that to say, my 'schedule' is completely whacked. One thing's for sure, I spend more time depressed. Aside from the 8 month depressive ep, I'm realizing I cycle kinda quickly between these states. Usually in a 1:2 or 1:3 ratio of 'off':depressed.", "link_id": "t3_f10lk5", "time": 1581293955}}
{"fh14ewi": {"text": "I'm giving you big ups!! It ain't easy, but feeling a natural, stable drive to achieving your goals is a big step and stage in life that this illness often rips away from us.We are amazingly capable people, and with the right tools, management with this illness can aid in helping us achieve things we've never imagined, or always imagined but felt too scared or defeated to try.I'm so happy for you!! I feel in a similar place, despite being a couple years younger and still trying to finish (more like start) undergrad. This advice might be unfounded coming from a younger person, but I just want you to remember this drive, even when (if) the going gets tough. If you can always recall why you've started something, and the end you have in mind, and keep that close to your heart, no challenge can take you down. This life is one of bookends: the process is just as important as the outcome, or the source, but it's often grueling, discouraging work. Discouraging times. Distancing yourself out from those times and rediscovering your goals and your inspirations -- what started you on those goals -- gets you through those times.(Coming from someone in a different place, but who just finished over half a term worth of work in 3 weeks and submitted an appeal to school at the same time. Had a DRIVE on that first academic book I had to read, but lost it halfway through. But, I never forgot how I felt that first time, and I never lost sight of the fact that my end is in mind. And, against all odds, I finished!! Just this past Friday.)ETA: Also have to give the obligatory, make space for things not in your plan. I'm glad you figured out meds so quickly, but being early in your diagnosis, there's a possibility you'll need a tweak or two in your treatment that can throw things off, or some breakthrough episode. That means NOTHING in terms of your ability to accomplish your goals; you still got this!! But, just know that a wrench can be thrown, as this illness often throws at us, but that wrench won't end things. Part of management of this illness, my therapist just told me, is maintaining your treatment and routine to not center the illness in your life, but not ignore it either. To have the treatment surround the illness (instead of trying to control it), in the way that this illness surrounds our life. It doesn't define us, but it's always there and it does hold impact on things we want to do. It's not about overcoming it. Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_f10gwd", "time": 1581210752}}
{"fgzod0j": {"text": "Hmmm, that's true. Same symptoms with completely different causes. It makes it frustrating to try to find out what's going on! A lot of my initial depressions were situation-based, but that's become drastically less true over time. I wouldn't say  life has gone 'well' in general, but they'd pop out, out of the blue sometimes. I never thought that just the nature of cycling itself could indicate bipolar, instead of needing to show classic signs of mania. Oh my gosh!! That's so severe! Hmmm....I did use to have a lot of anxiety growing up while on antidepressants that stopped almost overnight once I started refusing to take them. Had lots of rage moments then too. I occasionally get anxiety and ragey moments nowadays, but its not constant and only very rarely. I didn't have a rage tantrum in 5 years, had one a week ago. Also, didn't have an anxiety attack in nearly same amount of time, had one a few days after the rage moment. I can see that diagnosis happening if someone doesn't know other explanations for what can be going on. Can I ask you more about your presentation of mania? I don't feel I fit the typical description of mania either, and I wonder if that means I don't have it or if I just don't have a typical expression. I've been diagnosed ADHD too, so I don't know what to think.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1581196070}}
{"fgzmyam": {"text": "Hmm, that's interesting...all of these diagnoses have symptoms that look like each other, so its hard. Some of the strategies could very well transfer as well. Awwww, congratulations!! I'm wishing you strength as you nurse and get through post partum! But, that's fair, don't wanna risk anything meds wise there, especially with a heart condition. I'm sure you're not a bad person, just going through some rough stuff. It's a constant balancing act, figuring out how to function that works for you. I'm wishing you well and hoping that your routine and strategies that you're developing don't get sidelined in the next transition. That makes sense, I'm pretty lucky in that I live in a big city, but even then finding the next specialist is tough. Fit, insurance, availability, listening to our concerns...it's a doozy, so I don't blame ya.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1581195646}}
{"fgx8ewh": {"text": "I feel the exact same way!! Even down to the struggling to clean and constantly eating. I just don't know if those periods of interest are actually hypo/mania. I just feel like things aren't adding up. That's so amazing you found a control for anxiety and depression w/o meds -- sleep is so important! And you never know if a physical issue is exacerbating the psychiatric one as well. Are you going to try to get a 2nd opinion?", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1581170163}}
{"fgx7upd": {"text": "That's true....and that's why it's so hard to figure this out, because treatments for mania and anxiety are very different!", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1581169944}}
{"fgu7sok": {"text": "Lmaoooo thank you ^_^", "link_id": "t3_f05wys", "time": 1581114597}}
{"fgtl4uj": {"text": "I would love it!! And ofc, it's the first word that came to mind!", "link_id": "t3_f05wys", "time": 1581105881}}
{"fgsl540": {"text": "This is so beautiful and so evocative. I'll be following your work!!", "link_id": "t3_f05wys", "time": 1581087044}}
{"fgoaz2b": {"text": "Oh my gosh!! I cant imagine having to go through all that. Like others have said, your family really is lucky to have you. People wonder how people get to the point of homelessness, but then remembering so many homeless people are mentally struggling with some disorder and lack the supports other people have....it just really puts things in perspective. The system is broken and fails so many people. This couldnt have been easy to do with your struggles as well. I really hope you're taking care of yourself. This is a crazy stressor, to me at least.", "link_id": "t3_ezkso8", "time": 1580964303}}
{"fgn104h": {"text": "Oh wow! A unique case indeed. I guess there might be a possibility of me still having bipolar. I'll need to check and see how lamictal does for me, and still be open to whatever results come from further diagnostics. I guess it really is a spectrum! Sorry for your depressive stints tho :/ I hope that they've gotten a lot better, with the meds help.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1580935620}}
{"fgmx6t5": {"text": "It is weird stuff! Hmmm....maybe my experience is similar to that too? Do you mind if I PM you to ask what hypomanic symptoms you do experience, personal to you, if any at all?I'm ironically trying Lamictal rn! Titrating up. I haven't tried antidepressants since high school, but they did fuck all for me (and sometimes, I feel, made things worse).", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1580933726}}
{"fgmw18k": {"text": "I dont think so....I brought a sheet of symptoms, mentioned I got it as a previous diagnosis, and he just agreed.", "link_id": "t3_ez8iye", "time": 1580933110}}
{"fgmvvxu": {"text": "Ahhh, if what I'm going thru is hypomania, then that might be what I'm dealing with rn. Tho there've been times where its lasted for longer.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1580933032}}
{"fgmvqhy": {"text": "Thank you! I'll ask him, and check this link out! You've been really helpful with the resources, I really appreciate it.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1580932948}}
{"fgmvo4z": {"text": "That's fair. I guess I dont feel the same way, which is another reason why i feel this way. One med was working for some period of time, but then it stopped. Now I'm trying new ones, but it's taking a bit and I wonder if they're needed for treating the right problem.", "link_id": "t3_ez8iye", "time": 1580932914}}
{"fgmvj4f": {"text": "Thank you for relating to me! I guess I haven't thought of it that way, that it might not matter if the treatments are basically the same. I know I do need help for sure; which help, I still need to decipher exactly. I just worry about long term effects of treating something that's not there, if I indeed dont have mania. I wonder what that abnormalcy could be.", "link_id": "t3_ez8iye", "time": 1580932839}}
{"fgmduu4": {"text": "Hmmm....coffee has helped me focus at times, but I've been able to fall asleep after having cups of coffee as well. It usually doesnt affect me at night. Then again, I've been drinking coffee every day now, and struggling with sleep, so I dont know if they're connected.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1580922632}}
{"fgmdmi0": {"text": "Thank you for linking this! I will!", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1580922517}}
{"fgmcovf": {"text": "Ahh, I see I see. I guess it's all things to consider! My doc did mention this week that I should see a neurologist out of the blue tho, so I might see if they suggest it as well.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1580922041}}
{"fgm2r6c": {"text": "Also, can I ask, if it's possible to have mixed hypomania, is it possible to have mixed mania as well? Are they the same symptoms set? And, would it still be classified as bipolar? What would be the name for it? (Like if someone has cyclothymia, bp2, etc) is it still classified as that? Just wondering!", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1580916830}}
{"fgm1tgb": {"text": "Shoot, really? Doesnt hypomania have to last for a certain amount of time? I felt fine afterwards. But, I'll still challenge and see, cuz my docs might be thinking the same.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1580916236}}
{"fgm1npi": {"text": "Wow, thank you so much for going so in depth into your experience! That's so terrible, I didnt even know about that side effect. I'm really gonna need to go check with my doctor about this, since I naturally have teeth issues and am currently on an antipsychotic. Wow! Are you in the states? How'd you go about the neuropsychologic exam? I'm definitely gonna look into this to be sure. Theres a lot that I do or feel that bipolar doesnt explain either, so itd be a good idea to see what's going on. I'm sorry you were led to a different conclusion than one that fits better for you.It really is the blind leading the blind sometimes. Especially in more nuanced cases, how can docs be so sure? We hear about misdiagnosis in physical health all the time, it occurs in psychiatric health too. Thanks again for going into such detail. I really wanna do this, just to give peace to my mind. I dont wanna find out 10 years later that it was wrong and I risked things, to also not get the treatment or understanding I really needed.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1580916134}}
{"fgm0y9h": {"text": "Thank you so much for replying. I really appreciate you going into your experience with bipolar and imposter syndrome, both. There is a part of me that wonders if I'm doing the same. It does feel like I just have shit coping skills. I'm nowhere near where I want to be, in the amount of time its taken me to get this far. All I know is for sure, I do get bad depressions when unchecked. But i just dont know if its really mania. I never get anxiety besides certain periods, when i used to have some low level of anxiety all the time. And, stress has a terrible effect on me, I react to it worse than anything. I know certain actions I've made arent 'normal'. But I'm not convinced it's not anxiety, or even ADHD mixed with depression (I took a learning differences test and ADHD was one of the things that came up).I really don't 'feel' my symptoms, and I really feel like I'd notice something off if I did. Most of the time, my family or friends just go along with me. At times, they question how I'm acting, or I do something really out of character that gathers everyones (including people who dont know me) attention, but most times, they dont comment on how I'm acting, so I feel like that's not it. These last fee weeks have been rough on my family, and from one out of proportion reaction, my bro called me a drama queen. But besides that, nothing really. They dont tell me I have the symptoms of racing thoughts or rapid speech, though my mom often calls me stubborn and I dont listen (but that's not really because I feel I'm only right, that's more of a personality trait). I feel like it might be one of those 'overlap' things. I really want to get that 2nd opinion to be sure. I've had to apologize to some people in my life for scaring or troubling them, mainly my family, once a teacher, and once a couple of friends. That usually doesnt happen tho.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1580915679}}
{"fglz137": {"text": "Thanks for posting! I related to at least 4 or 5 of those symptoms on that list on the mixed side,( sometimes more) but I'm still not sure it can't just stem from anxiety. It does show me some context for my symptoms, though. At times, my symptoms have been recognizable to people. I've done a few stupid things that'd be out of character for anyone. Even yesterday, when I took an exam at my program, I felt like my proctors were looking at me with some confused stares (i was kinda hyper, nodding all over the place, speaking only a little bit fast, but think it was from nerves. I eventually felt tired 2 hrs after the exam cuz I only got about 2 hrs sleep that night--might be my new meds doing that too, cuz I've noticed getting tired in the day more often when I'm usually okay). One time at school, people were looking at me a lil strange and my friend told me I needed to take my meds.Overall, though, I feel like not even my closest friends realize. Most of the time, it's only me.I think I'll see about a 2nd opinion, cuz my instincts are telling me differently fir some reason.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1580914394}}
{"fgluth0": {"text": "Wow, thank you so much for sharing your experience with this! I'm so sorry for all that you've lost. That's really and truly so much, and I'm wishing you luck on recovering things from then. (Which med messed up your teeth, if you dont mind me asking?) These meds really arent candy, you're right. I even gained a lot of weight from one of them, and worked really really hard to only lose some of it. Is there any chance I can ask you more about your experiencex and how you got diagnosed correctly? I don't doubt that there might be something there, I'm just not sure this is 'that' thing.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jvk", "time": 1580911459}}
{"fglu7q0": {"text": "I think I'm gonna try that. More and more as the days go by, I think that makes the most sense.", "link_id": "t3_ez8jgn", "time": 1580911043}}
{"fglq7ds": {"text": "Thank you for responding! I'm gonna try to see if I can get some notes for sure, and ask both my psych next visit and my therapist why they think I have it. I also want to get a 2nd opinion with a diagnostic tester to see as well. Thank you for your well wishes!", "link_id": "t3_ez8iye", "time": 1580907949}}
{"fgkyhwe": {"text": "Abilify was weight neutral for me, and tends to be for a lot of people, but it's not for everybody. It took me a couple of weeks to feel better on it, but I definitely felt better! It took me out of depression, and helped stem some hypomanic times for about 6 months. I was taken off it when I entered another depression that it wasn't helping. I stopped on 20 mg.", "link_id": "t3_eyaa70", "time": 1580876734}}
{"fgkmyuf": {"text": "People forget that there are breakthrough symptoms on mess too. Meds only help manage, they dont eradicate symptoms. I hate when people imply I'm doing something wrong because I have another episode, or conflate every emotion of mine with my illness. Makes me feel irresponsible!Sure, I mess up, but it's not always because I missed my meds.", "link_id": "t3_eytes3", "time": 1580869235}}
{"fgh95bk": {"text": "Thank you!!", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580779585}}
{"fgg5si5": {"text": "Thank you so much for the well wishes &lt;3 that's interesting, I always hear the reverse! It sounds like it varies whether the bpd harms someone more, or the bipolar. Can I PM you?", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580754858}}
{"fgg5kev": {"text": "Thank you!", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580754721}}
{"fgg5f0b": {"text": "Thank you!!", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580754629}}
{"fgg25ll": {"text": "Ahhh, thank you for outlining these experiences for me! What I was thinking of as hypersensitivity was completely off base. My interpersonal relationships are pretty good, I'd say, and I tend to understand when people need space or can rationalize when something doesnt happen the way I expect. I cant quite relate to that. I could be a quiet borderline, or maybe I just handle stress really ready badly. I have bad reactions to moments, like if something (i.e my exam) doesnt go well, and cant understand why I'm reacting the way that I am. They usually dont happen that way, but this has been a very stressful week. Still, I have issues with perfectionism and if things dont go the way I want, I see it as a failure and it feels like I've lost control and I respond really badly to that, I'm realizing. I'm definitely going to ask my doctor to see what he thinks, but I really appreciate you going into your experiences. Reading some symptoms online will have you thinking you have the same experience when that might not be the case.", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580752615}}
{"fgg09ec": {"text": "This is true, I didnt think of it like that. I'm definitely bringing this up to my therapist tomorrow, and hopefully psychiatrist tonight.", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580751451}}
{"fgg05m0": {"text": "Thanks for responding! Ahhh, I see. I've become really hypersensitive to things in the last week, like having a panic attack over an essay exam that resulting in me sobbing for 3 hours, or crying and wailing for 15 minutes over a mistake I made on the same exam. I also got really paranoid for 2 days in response to the Kobe Bryant helicopter crash. Are these examples of hypersensitivity? I'm normally pretty good about things, but this really just came up. In times of stress, I react out of proportion to what's going on. This has only happened at 3 periods in my life for a short amount of time (so far), and it was all in high periods of stress. As for abandonment, I have this thing where occasionally I dont want to be physically left alone (usually after the panic attack or paranoid stuff). I'll ask my mom to stay with me instead of going to work, but she cant and says so, and that's it. I'm usually fine at night afterwards, and this has been getting better. It also started really quickly and out of nowhere. The only other time this happened was when I was really depressed for a couple months in 2018, when I'd cry and ask for my mom to brother to stay with me every day. I never fear that they'll abandon me though, I know they'll always be there for me and friends as well. Just, very occasionally, I dont want to physically be left alone. Is this stuff worrisome, in regards to BPD? Do you relate, or am I just overworrying?", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580751387}}
{"fgfzfju": {"text": "Thank you!! I'll look into DBT, since its helpful for both. Haha, I'm wishing you well in figuring things out too!", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580750944}}
{"fgfs2cg": {"text": "That's the issue that I'm finding! Theres overlap, and theres some parts of my experience (especially recently) that I'm not sure falls in line with bipolar. I may end up being the same. I'd just rather know than not know, or see if I resonate with others experiences so I'm not on guard, thinking I may have something when I dont or vice versa!", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580746339}}
{"fgfrlcx": {"text": "Thank you!! Can I PM you?", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580746033}}
{"fgfrkip": {"text": "Ahhh! See, I'm nervous that I'm starting to show some borderline traits, or maybe have been the whole time and didnt realize. Can I PM you about your experience?", "link_id": "t3_ey8sgm", "time": 1580746017}}
{"fgf7gif": {"text": "That's true, that might be it honestly.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580728524}}
{"fgf4jy9": {"text": "It's Decembe for me, which makes no sense. December 2017, I had a mania that had me finish 2 months of coursework in 2 weeks, but ended in me making quack noises outside my dorms and my brother saying I was nearly unintelligible on the phone. Round January, before I crashed, I had a small argument with my mother on vacation, and chose to spend over 40 minutes w/no coat in single-digit weather after snowfall. Late December 2018, was calmer. Had some hypomania for a few days, but still felt.Early January 2020, I got hypomania which had me read 2 1/2 600-page books (each) in 6 days. Now I break down constantly, am screaming and wailing over every little thing, and next day is euphoric af. I have NO control over my emotions or my reactions to shit, and my fam has had enough. The summer months usually mess with me too.", "link_id": "t3_ey2wfh", "time": 1580724051}}
{"fgf3mfp": {"text": "Oh my gosh, I thought I was the only one who gets pressure in their head! I don't get the thinking/talking faster tho, I don't get rapid thoughts (then again, my family therapist pointed out that my points would be very disconnected last meeting....)", "link_id": "t3_ey0qq8", "time": 1580722586}}
{"fgf1l8b": {"text": "I'm so happy for you!! Your post gives me hope, as someone who's been in too many episodes and multiple drugs that haven't worked. Even tried lithium, which I responded to well, but was indicated as possibly fucking up my kidneys early. That's so terrible that the first doc passed tragically; I'm glad that you realized for yourself what was going on, and sought out appropriate health with the aid of your husband. Doctors NEED to look at patient history and what WE'RE saying; no one knows us, better than ourselves. Its unfortunate to had to go thru so much to come back to what you already knew. This disease is painful, so when one of us figures out how to manage it and live life successfully, it's a win for all of us.", "link_id": "t3_exybwt", "time": 1580719470}}
{"fgerk4m": {"text": "Wow, I didnt know so many people had weird dreams! It sucks :/", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1580707536}}
{"fge2ba7": {"text": "Thank you! :)", "link_id": "t3_ew9b2b", "time": 1580689813}}
{"fge21tu": {"text": "I thought I was the only person who comforted themselves with food post-psychiatrist and post-psychologist visits! Hope you enjoyed em", "link_id": "t3_exs7c4", "time": 1580689729}}
{"fgclg88": {"text": "Oh shoot, yeah I'd definitely let him know. It's hard when you're away from your main specialist. I'm wishing you luck, friend! College is rough cuz it often coincides with age of onset for bipolar, and the stress sure doesn't help.", "link_id": "t3_exl42y", "time": 1580673772}}
{"fgah1tr": {"text": ":)", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580651158}}
{"fgaemgu": {"text": "Thank you :) I'm wishing you constant stability since you're there already!", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580650298}}
{"fgadb0a": {"text": "I cant wait to get to that point! Cuz this unstable shit is tiring, lol. But, I'll try to slow my roll and let it happen.", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580649885}}
{"fgabrch": {"text": "*start, and 80 mg of Geodon, but I'm not sure its enough. I'll probably be titrating up on both, but I feel like I should get back on Abilify, it's the med I was stable on for the longest. That's a long time! But that's so good you found a med combo that works. I guess I just need to give them time.", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580649342}}
{"fga8mbt": {"text": "Lol, I know right? XD hopefully these meds tart really working soon enough", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580648215}}
{"fga0oc1": {"text": "Oh wow, I can imagine anyone being disturbed by that! That makes sense. It's good that, most of the time, you're unaffected tho!", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580645380}}
{"fg9w4mw": {"text": "Hehe, it's hard to do, it's hard to do. I'm the same, sadly. Hmmm...I'm not sure about that one. I usually forget the dream by the time I've woken up and 'been' in the day, but the 2 days I had the dreams I felt fine. The first day I didnt have a dream, I have a panic attack. So I'm not sure theres correlation for me. Do you?", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580643903}}
{"fg9vu9i": {"text": "Of course! I mean them. I'm open to exploring other options, since I know it'll be hard to do college when a lil older, but I really still feel quite attached to it, so hearing people be successful in their college careers really gives me hope I can figure it out too. And, that's a really healthy way to look at it!Ahh, music, I love it! I always was jealous of people talented in the arts, especially music. It's such an important part of my life. And doing conservatory is serious business! I'm sorry to hear you ended up kicked out...some schools sometimes just don't understand what some students go through. I'm glad that you took the time out for yourself and you're back on the path though. I've been thinking of taking some extra time for myself (on this medical leave my school forced me on), and just really making sure I'm stable. Then, possibly doing school closer to home.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580643790}}
{"fg9v69u": {"text": "Ugh, I wish I could! I just feel out of control in them. Like, it's too vivid, but there's nothing I can do about it. Have you mastered that aspect to them?", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580643512}}
{"fg9sikz": {"text": "Lol, hopefully it stays at 'manageable weird'. Mine was VERY vivid as well, but at least I didnt wake up from sweats in it!", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580642708}}
{"fg9s6rg": {"text": "Thank you for responding! And for feeling for me. It's been rough, but I'm hoping I can get through it. You're giving me hope here, with being an older student like me. You're right, that comparing ourselves to others won't get us where we need to be; it just gets rough to remember that when the going gets tough. I am thankful too, in that way, because I was on a completely different track even when I started university, and different as well before I started. It keeps changing, and slowly getting closer to what I think I want to do. I've taken away more from doing my classes 'slower' (they were technically at accelerated pace cuz I had to finish the 2nd half of my courses in 3 weeks, but I did it 'one by one' so I took away more from it that way) as well. You're right! I really haven't even thought of getting involved now, especially on my time off. I really need to look at that, and possibly think of ways to politically get involved in public health that aren't solely traditional policy. I want to avoid the bureaucratic system as much as possible, but I also surrender to the fact that it wields power that can be hard to gather and streamline in the grassroots, and access to dispersing that power as well. It's decisions, decisions. Thank you for wishing me luck :) I wish you luck in your studies, as well! Halfway is a hell of an achievement, to me. What are you studying, if you don't mind me asking?", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580642577}}
{"fg9qrx5": {"text": "I'll do that! And, thank you :)", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580642128}}
{"fg9pw67": {"text": "That's fair. I just wasn't sure if it was possible to take on this 'stop and start' situation. Before my panic attack, when I told my therapist on Tuesday about the paranoid ep and other things I've been going through, she was worried and named them 'manic tendencies'. It feels weird to have an outburst every 2-3 days, or something concerning like wanting to jump out of a car. I had solid ENERGY and hyperfocus, obsessions, and sociability, and acting hysterical in public at times for 10 days straight (with no sleep), crashed with sleeping 12 hours straight for 2 days each, then I've been having this back and forth between energy and moods happen for the last 2 weeks. Went back to not sleeping more than 2.5-4 hrs a night, occasionally I get a 6 or 7 hr night thrown in there. I started a new med (Geodon) about 3 days after the first period of energy, hyperfocus+ started. I'm still dealing with all these things tho.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580641776}}
{"fg9oc0q": {"text": "I guess it's really common. An unwanted side effect, ehh? I'm still nervous about how bad they might get when I go up in dosage; last night, the dreams weren't too weird, thankfully. They were firmly weird, but not *too* weird. Manageable weird.", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580641264}}
{"fg8yced": {"text": "Wow, that's a good exercise. Thank you for detailing it! I might try that, since I've had some schoolwork-triggered anxiety lately. It might not fix everything, but I'm sure it helps.", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580631564}}
{"fg87n17": {"text": "I kept having rage episodes from SSRIs. My mood was crazy, either severely depressed or angry at EVERYTHING. It led to some weird behavior, like standing at a flagpole crying in the middle of a blizzard, or going out during blizzard Juno for 2 hours for ice cream in a cable knit sweater (I was in new Hampshire for a few years, so a lot of my manic behavior coincided with cold weather). Shit was BAD, my memory was shot, and I once had such a bad reaction to a teacher giving me an absence that wouldve placed me on some kind of restrictions at school (went to boarding school, basically where if you get enough restrictions you get academic probation, and it was my first or 2nd time), that I downed at least 70 pills at ended up at hospital. (Somehow, wasnt hospitalized tho). That shit is DANGEROUS for a lot of us, especially without a mood stabilizer or balance things out. With a stabilizer, YMMV. I'm just starting lamotrigine since 2 days ago, I hope it works out for both of us &lt;3 Hang in there, I'm rooting for you. Diagnosis is hard, but it's the first step.", "link_id": "t3_exbo5p", "time": 1580611683}}
{"fg80hu6": {"text": "It really does. It's so stressful to think about. UGH. But, thank you. I need all the luck I can get.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580606252}}
{"fg7zukr": {"text": "That's true, that's really true on the not working piece. I still need to figure out how to manage that, especially if it would continue to take longer for me to complete a degree. And ACA healthcare is expensive. I'm gonna look into some  non-degree options for work too, just to see what's out there.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580605764}}
{"fg7yub7": {"text": "That's fair, I'm hoping that it doesn't continue and the severity of this case is a more temporary problem, at the very least. I'm taking some time off now and hoping that that helps things, while I get on some meds that help me regulate more. I'm gonna look into that research now, and especially see if there are people that started 'later', like I'll be doing, and see how they managed.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580605002}}
{"fg7y2lw": {"text": "Its wonderful she's been found! I'm wishing her a speedy recovery, and hoping that nothing else traumatic happened during her time out (this episode must be traumatic enough)", "link_id": "t3_excti8", "time": 1580604422}}
{"fg7werr": {"text": "Interesting...I'm on 50 now, and I had one of those nightmares you mentioned. Technically 2 actually, where they suddenly turned against me or jumped at me. It's scary.", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1580603186}}
{"fg7wbln": {"text": "I might just have to try it then! Thanks for telling me :) I need some magical sleep, I haven't been sleeping well for weeks", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1580603122}}
{"fg7w8c2": {"text": "That's a good idea, honestly. I think I see my doc on Monday or Tuesday, so hopefully I can talk to him and get something figured out. I did recently start Lamictal, a few days ago, and another med about 3 weeks ago.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580603053}}
{"fg7w28n": {"text": "Ahh, okay I see. I hope it continues to take off the depression for you! Damn, I was nervous about that. I was thinking I might combine it with some antipsychotic to deal with it. I'm currently on Geodon 80 mg, but it's not working. I was first diagnosed with BP2, but then I've gotten BP1 from other professionals. I honestly don't know. I was depressed from mid-Oct to Jan 8, then went hypomanic for 10ish days. Now, I'm closer to the manic side, but possibly in a mixed episode if anything. There are some manic tendencies, which was why I wanted to start it cuz I've been having mood instability alongside things.", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580602926}}
{"fg7vtal": {"text": "Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry! That's so intense. I wouldn't be sleeping well either, that'd fuck me up. And it's worse when it's somewhat reality based. Is there any chance your doctor mentioned how to deal with it?", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580602741}}
{"fg7vjcw": {"text": "Exactly! \"takes chunks of my life for is own\" PERFECTLY describes it. Ughh. Congratulations on your success!! That's what I'm hoping for, finding the way that suits me. I'm sorry to hear you're struggling at the moment rn. And, that there's some uncertainty every few years with work. But, even in that, it sounds like you're able to put yourself back on track really well, and that's all I can hope for. Riding it out is hard for me to do, but if I can learn to do that maybe it'll get easier.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580602533}}
{"fg7varo": {"text": "Thank you so much for responding, I really needed to hear this. It's a sad fact that this illness may consume me for the rest of my life. But, I do want to keep trying and not let it get me down, for too long. I'm frustrated, but I don't want to be defeated by it. I'm not the kindest person to myself, even in my small successes, and that's something I want to change. Congrats on your masters, especially with the times it took to take! I really want to figure out what works for me. I'd just hate if I couldn't do what I wanted, even if it takes a lil longer, because of this. I don't want bipolar to determine my path. I do need to reevaluate what success looks like as well, and feel a lil less behind on things. On one side, I haven't done too badly, the time I've been in college (even tho its been a mess). Those are small successes. Also, trying to advocate for my health, and developing strong friendships with people who are often far away from me too. There's been a lil bit of good among the shitstorm, and most of that was my doing too.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580602354}}
{"fg7utvc": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 It's inspiring me to hear so many people eventually make it, even tho it took longer than expected, especially going through what I am right now! I'm okay with it not working out exactly as I plan, so long as it works out. Thankfully, the person whose birthday I missed was pretty understanding, and I didn't even explain the illness to him. That part's been nice to witness. Doing it in my own time and my own way might just have to be my new mantra!", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580602010}}
{"fg7sjvy": {"text": "Thanks for commenting :) You're right, I know for a fact my meds aren't working as they should. I think I'd feel better if they were; 6 months ago, I was the most stable I'd ever been. I wish it lasted longer than it did.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580600400}}
{"fg7sfct": {"text": "Thank you so much for outlining this for me. I'm going to ask all of these questions of my advisor and the career center ASAP. And, I'm going to check these listings and these grad school options. It'd be better to take on a program that could possibly be a more part time basis, but that might not exist and will take more time, which means longer in no pay. It just feels shit all around.I was also thinking of potentially something more along an finance-based career, but was nervous because those are notoriously stressful and have long hours. But, one benefit is they don't tend to require grad school right away. I guess I just don't want bipolar to rule my life and cause me to change paths from what I really might want to do. But, it will be harder too, so I don't know.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580600313}}
{"fg7rqhw": {"text": "That might be the case. It feels weird tho since, just like the other days, I feel fine today.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580599814}}
{"fg76ant": {"text": "Shoot, I guess I need to reconsider that path :/ I just wish I knew what to do. I just want to do something I really love, that's all I want. No knocking being an electrician, but that's not where my passion lies. I know part of growing up is understanding you can't always do what you love, but I feel like it'll be easier getting through life if I get as close as possible to it.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580585009}}
{"fg76472": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 You're right, it's not a race. I'll try and believe for now, amidst the uncertainty, while I keep working on myself :)", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580584890}}
{"fg73rhl": {"text": "Thank you so much for responding!! Your experience gives me hope. It ain't easy to tell myself to calm down, especially when things are so uncertain, but I'm hoping my story will be similar to yours and to try to keep my head up. It's just so tiring, all the time now it feels like. I don't even know what my dream job is, but I want to have the greatest chance I can have to find it and get it, when I do. You believe stronger than I do that I'll do great, but hopefully figuring out what's going on with me will help. Getting through college really would just be the first step. Thank you so much for responding again. Your comment is really helpful :) At the end of the day, I need to focus on myself, and hopefully everything else will follow. I was just feeling really really bad about myself this morning :(", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580583307}}
{"fg73eq8": {"text": "No, no! All input is welcome. It's just, I've dreamed of going to college for so long, and I was hoping to get involved in policy making or helping with public health down the line, so I thought it could be a good fit. I'm worried I'll need grad school as well. It's a lot to consider, because I can't be in school forever, but a degree opens certain paths up especially some of the ones I'm considering. But, then again, I'm not sure what I want to do. I'm at a fork in the road.", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580583068}}
{"fg6z2av": {"text": "Thank you :) it's been a while since I been to a group, I need to check one out. Therapist (and your replies) do help in the meantime tho :)", "link_id": "t3_ex5f6w", "time": 1580580188}}
{"fg6yzs2": {"text": "No no, no judgment here! I love the coloring. You're right, chilling out things might help. I love nature, and the lil bits I see, or just walking (live in a city), showers and might see about getting a coloring book, see if that chills things out. Thankfully, I think I'm good on the stimulants and depressants. No alc or weed, or non psychotropic drugs lately. I wanna learn coping skills to get thru this, but maybe the best one is just riding it out like you said. The hardest one to learn. Welcome to the bipolar club! Lol. It's a hefty price of admission, that.", "link_id": "t3_ex5f6w", "time": 1580580143}}
{"fg6xcnm": {"text": "I want to! I just worry because people talk about the bad long term effects of antipsychotics, but if this sleep thing doesnt get handled then I'll have to bite the bullet there", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1580579063}}
{"fg6wvrn": {"text": "Ya!! Like it comes on like hyperactivity comes in. It's so distressing :(", "link_id": "t3_ex5f6w", "time": 1580578754}}
{"fg6wn5f": {"text": "Damn, 15 years?? That's a long time to have really weird dreams :/ That's what I'm scared of!! I feel terrible dreaming about my bros partner's passing. I feel like I'm wishing ill on her, and for what? Its trippy interacting with real life people who had weird shit in the dreams. That composer dream sure is a silver lining in all of this! Last night I didnt dream, and I'm hoping for more of those somehow.", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580578595}}
{"fg6wfw1": {"text": "That's what I was afraid of :( ughhh, I'm supposed to be getting more sleep with the help of a mood stabilizer, not less!!", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1580578461}}
{"fg6wcov": {"text": "Thank you so much for responding. I really needed to see this; I'm currently on leave from school, and I might make it extended, so by the time I finish college I might be 27 too. I'm 22 now. They really do make EVERYTHING harder to deal with. I aspire to get to a point where I dont care about timelines anymore-- it's hard, but you're right, fuck em. I'm working on my own thing and I want to get into the mindset of saying I WILL be successful, no matter how long it takes. Thats so wonderful that you're a wise older friend to your classmates! I didnt realize that that's something I can be, be a good person to lend an ear for tough times (and an example that you can still get through it). That puts a good spin on a rough situation, and makes me feel less weird about being older :) I was registered with my school disabilities office, but my dean also knew and royally fucked me over, in cahoots with my psychologist. I stupidly signed ferpa when manic to let em converse with each other. It's a long story, but basically i know how to handle that situation for next time. And even then, I didnt take enough advantage of those resources, which I plan to do this time around.I also didnt join any real study groups, which I think wouldve helped too. I'm a politics major! (And possibly gonna try to be a psych minor), and I was placed on leave for the semester, so no classes now :(", "link_id": "t3_ex7avo", "time": 1580578400}}
{"fg6lb7d": {"text": "To help the nightmares? Which ones? I know people have mentioned seroquel helping!", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580570968}}
{"fg6kssy": {"text": "Oh my gosh! The woken up 2x a night thing, I've gone through those 2 days! That's terrible :( I'm happy they stopped for you. The lack of sleep to go through isn't good for our conditions either. Looks like I have more to look forward to as I titrate up, ughh.", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1580570599}}
{"fg6fzrn": {"text": "Damn :/ hopefully I can get used to it, or just have something balance it out, cuz they were major yikes when I was going thru it.", "link_id": "t3_ex583x", "time": 1580566899}}
{"fg6dq8d": {"text": "Right?! Ugh, agreed. They really are worse, and I'm having a terrible bit of that as well. Really hoping it can calm things down for me. (Do you find that it helps, even if the mood swings are happening during a manic episode? I'm not sure if I'm in one rn, but I've had some crazy emotions and reactions happening, and I've heard Lamictal ain't so great for that)Oh, wow! That's interesting. I've taken melatonin before and don't remember having vivid dreams...but, thank you for telling me that they both can cause that. I'll keep my eye out for both again, in case my doc prescribes them to help. I haven't been sleeping well either, by coincidence.", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580564888}}
{"fg6cbub": {"text": "I agree, definitely doesn't feel like something normal in general, but I guess is moreso for us. It's just weird cuz it's happening more often in close succession of each other, and often takes me the day to get other it. Then, a few normal days, and BAM, again. I think I will talk to my psych about this, especially cuz none of this was happening when I for sure wasn't in an episode a few months ago, or when I was in a depressive episode for 2.5 months before this.", "link_id": "t3_ex5f6w", "time": 1580563485}}
{"fg6c69a": {"text": "Oh wow! That scares me, since I know I'm not stopping at 50mg :(That's wild!! I wonder why exactly is activates that part of our brains. I used to have some weird dreams a week or so ago, but that usually means the start of an episode for me, and then they go away. I've never had them 'come back,' so I was wondering.", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580563326}}
{"fg6byuj": {"text": "I might ask for that for sleep, cuz a couple of them have really fucked with me. Oh no!! :hugs: I'm sorry you had to go through that. It's so terrible. I'm happy you're not dealing with them anymore (and hoping I can join you, in that regard)", "link_id": "t3_ex58c6", "time": 1580563111}}
{"fg6bt79": {"text": "Ugh, damn, okay. I guess this is par for the course. Yes, very vivid!! And, very strange. Thanks for commenting!", "link_id": "t3_ex58m0", "time": 1580562946}}
{"fg67tfs": {"text": "I've never had full blown psychosis, but for some reason I was diagnosed with cannabis-induced psychosis during my first hospitalization (where I was diagnosed with some form of bipolar). I was majorly depressed, to the point where I saw sepia and my psychomotor function was reduced. Was nearly suicidal. My mom suggests taking me to the hospital, and I keep repeating to myself in the shower where I'm getting ready 'I can't let them take me, I can't let them take me.' I don't know why I can't let them take me (besides not wanting to deal with the whole hospital thing, but this was something more), and I run away. My fam's looking for me everywhere, somehow I call them and they pick me up and take me. I'm half gone in my expressions, I feel so lucid I just saw everything that's on my mind, not caring how it sounds. That's how the doctors knew that, in my dreams, I saw them poisoning someone with their meds, and I woke up feeling like they were trying to kill me, and kept that feeling for the first 2 days. I think that's why they slapped me with 'psychosis' (and cannabis-induced, cuz I stupidly admitted I'd smoked weed 2x a couple months before). That depression ended up switching overnight to a manic episode, but wasn't fully felt cuz of the meds. &amp;#x200B;This past Sunday (and I've mentioned it on these boards), the helicopter crash hit me hard. It felt 'eerie'. I felt like no one else was noticing what I was noticing. I was looking at the news 24/7, obsessed with updates, questioning everything they said ('Why 9 people now? They said 5 at first? This is a full-reaching plot') and looking up all sorts of conspiracy theories on the crash and everything, I thought Illuminati and the govt. were in on it and intentionally messed with his copter or shot it down. I couldn't sleep. I was so paranoid. I broke down the next day, cuz I couldn't be alone with my thoughts and was scared of fam going to work, cuz I knew if they left, I'd be alone and someone was watching me. I felt like someone was puppeteering my life. It's still hard going to sleep cuz I still see flashes/images of things I saw when I was in that state, and certain elements of the 'conspiracy'. I still need the light on to sleep. So, this 'episode' only lasted 2 days in full flux, but things still feel 'off' in my mind, in spite of KNOWING the explanations of poor visibility, lacks of certifications, all the must be true.", "link_id": "t3_ex1xew", "time": 1580558015}}
{"fg66bt2": {"text": "Good luck! Therapy's been a life saver for me, been getting it since way before my diagnosis and is half the reason I haven't flown off the rails yet. I hope things get better &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_ewg2li", "time": 1580555912}}
{"fg4um6e": {"text": "That's fair; I crossposted there too! I guess I get confused since my first diagnosis was BPII (though other docs think I'm BPI), but maybe this is part of a confirmation that I really am BP1, ha.And that's fair too, maybe its just a panic attack. It's just so bizarre cuz it came out of nowhere. It took 3 hours to calm down, and I kept crying outta nowhere each time I'd try to calm down, like I didnt even know why I was crying anymore. Just intense.", "link_id": "t3_ewr9ho", "time": 1580511455}}
{"fg4sptl": {"text": "Thank you! It's so terrible honestly :( I'll ask about the sleep meds to see.", "link_id": "t3_ewr8tp", "time": 1580510273}}
{"fg4sle2": {"text": "That's fair. I usually dont go through anxiety when depressed, but theres a first time for everything! I guess!", "link_id": "t3_ewr9ho", "time": 1580510194}}
{"fg41k46": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580494225}}
{"fg40uss": {"text": "Thank you :)", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580493800}}
{"fg3zqqk": {"text": "I'll ask my doc about those! Thank you so much for the recs. I didnt even know that lamictal can induce mania....between that and the geodon not fully doing its job, and how all over the place I am, I feel at risk :/", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580493129}}
{"fg3z4ve": {"text": "Thank you so much! I never thought of that, lavender Epsom salts and a how water bottle with a blanket sounds so comforting. I'm under my blanket right now and I'm starting to feel better. I'll try doing the during the exam, rn I'm watching tv to take my mind off. Sending love right back at ya &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580492760}}
{"fg3yxqp": {"text": "Geodon 80 mg? I'm not sure if it's a whole lot, but it's not stopping the mania if I'm in one.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580492639}}
{"fg3xwwn": {"text": "That makes a lot of sense. I recently started Lamictal, but because of the titration its gonna be a while before it takes effect. I wonder if he'll have other ideas on how to deal with this.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580492018}}
{"fg3xrvk": {"text": "That works! Wishing you luck :) the sun does help with depression for sure, but it ain't a fix all is all I can warn. One of my worst depressions was at school, but then again I hated it there, so YMMV.", "link_id": "t3_ewg0i9", "time": 1580491933}}
{"fg3wxzc": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3 I'm wishing you well too in getting through it, I wouldn't wish this on my enemy (if i had one). Exhausting and soul crashing is exactly the way to describe it :(", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580491433}}
{"fg3vra4": {"text": "I'm meeting my therapist on Tuesday, and my psychiatrist this Monday I think, I have to make sure. I'm so tired of the intensity of everything. I literally keep calming down, then breaking out in sobs again. At this point I dont think I even know why I'm crying.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580490718}}
{"fg3vkzr": {"text": "Terribly. For every night I get 7 or 8 hours, theres 4 nights I'm lucky I get 2.5-4 hours.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580490611}}
{"fg3umxr": {"text": "That's honestly how it feels like. There've been moments where I felt on edge this past week and a half and it kinda felt like anxiety, but they accompanied impulses, ie. I wanted to jump out of a moving car once (thankfully didnt), and another time wanted to take a random bus in a less known part of town and just ride it, anywhere, see where it takes me (when someone would be coming to pick me up soon after). But THIS....whole different ball game. I'm so shaken up.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580490026}}
{"fg3sk9x": {"text": "Thank you for responding! Since a lot of people mentioned they started on 50 mg and were alright, I just started there. Hopefully nothing bad happens, cuz I really am terrified of that death rash!", "link_id": "t3_evpkix", "time": 1580488759}}
{"fg340np": {"text": "I don't have many memories of my father, besides him being emotionally and physically abusive to my family. And never wanting to be around us, continually cheating on my mom, but never 'leaving' so we still felt how much he resented us. He later got messed up in an accident and was never the same, lost his speech. I was quite young when this happened.I only remember him yelling, but one time, he took me on a drive (he worked at night) and it was one of the few times we spent time alone together. It's the only time I remember him not hating me. Around 4AM (I remember the time so clearly), he asked 'do you want pancakes? I'll drop you off so Bro1 and Bro2 can make them.\" I was 5, but I knew at 4AM I wasnt getting no goddamn pancakes. But I still chose to leave. He dropped me off, and that was that. Thats the last time i ever spent with my father with his wits about him, all I can remember. I gave it up for some pancakes I knew would never be made. Since hes passed, it haunts me to this day. I dont know why.", "link_id": "t3_ewghmr", "time": 1580469333}}
{"fg33qdy": {"text": "I'm so sorry for your experiences and your pain. Fuck, theres nothing I can say to express how I feel besides that you're SO strong, and you shouldn't have to be that strong. No one should EVER have to be that strong. I'm wishing you well in working in therapy, and your spirit is so bright. He sure as hell didnt win. You're inspiring.", "link_id": "t3_ewghmr", "time": 1580468976}}
{"fg33lvr": {"text": "I'm so sorry he said that to you, and so thankful you're still with us.", "link_id": "t3_ewghmr", "time": 1580468813}}
{"fg31vsl": {"text": "Good! I hope that you mention this moment, how you feel about it and yourself, and how you're feeling in general. It can only help!I'm wishing you luck on the process &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_ewiasm", "time": 1580466483}}
{"fg2x2sw": {"text": "Congrats on your wedding day!! This is a story for the books (when the world someday gets comfortable for us to share :/ )", "link_id": "t3_ewk399", "time": 1580459692}}
{"fg2wwdf": {"text": "You're not a bad person!! You could go worse and shave it, like I've done. Guess what? My friends were supportive, said I pulled it off. To everyone else, just looks like I wanted a new look. AND THATS HOW PEOPLE WILL SEE YOUR LOOK. Not that it matters what they think. You probably look quite cute with it!I agree with first comment that you should attend to your emotions first. You are badmouthing yourself over something that will be 'corrected' quite soon, if you wait some time for it to grow out.", "link_id": "t3_ewiasm", "time": 1580459458}}
{"fg2wmhr": {"text": "I've just started lamictal! Not on an SSRI, but we'll see how this goes! I fear I'm having night terrors from it already tho", "link_id": "t3_ew9o8u", "time": 1580459103}}
{"fg2ly2n": {"text": "Echoing everyone mentioning the health care. I'd think hard about the move :/ I went to college in California for a bit, originally from NYC. I dont know if it was the change, the stress, or the weather, but I had my first euphoric mania there in December for a month long. Then, a bad mixed episode from March through May; I came back to NYC in late April. That turned into a depression, that high kicked into mania. I tend to get some form of mania in the summers, and have one instance in the winter. I don't know that the sun caused any differences; I got short-term mania in October over there, and I didnt have that happen the year before. I dont know how much of it is my own patterns or the weather. I did find it was easier to get classic manias over there; my episodes at home have more mixed features, or are more dysphoric. Dont know what that says.Good luck!", "link_id": "t3_ewg0i9", "time": 1580447711}}
{"fg224p2": {"text": "Really? This is exactly what I go through!! OCs, that's how I look at them! They help me get through life almost, just like a mechanism, but I'm completely aware of them, I think. I never thought it could be more common, I thought I was completely bonkers for thinking this way. I'm not exactly artistic, but I have been thinking of screenwriting and writing in general, and I've been using my 'conversations' through my characters as fodder for some material that I randomly come up with. They're little bits of dialogue here and then, but I want to make full fledged scenes from them.", "link_id": "t3_ew9bkn", "time": 1580436745}}
{"fg1j1c8": {"text": "Thank you for replying! That's my fear, that it could have been misdiagnosed in me. That's what I feel as well, as sometimes i get by without evoking them but they feel natural to me now. I'll check with my therapist about the possibility; on the face, I dont know if I fully relate to the BPD checklist, but i dont know if my case is more 'quiet' or not.I occasionally get separation anxiety from my family when depressed, but besides that, I dont feel a sense from abandonment or wringing from most people. Also have pretty good friendships, but never had a romantic relationship, so dont know if its manifest there.", "link_id": "t3_ew9fiz", "time": 1580427991}}
{"fg15sww": {"text": "Thank you for replying! Could i message you more about your experiences? I haven't met someone who went through something similar similarly to what I'm going through, right down to the talking to self and binge eating. I'm fully aware I'm going all the changes, which I guess is unlike DID (tho maybe OSDD is in the question?).I have a feeling I couldve developed both as coping mechanisms. My childhood had trauma in it, but it's been hard for me to confess to myself into was traumatic.", "link_id": "t3_ew9b2b", "time": 1580421314}}
{"fg0qwwl": {"text": "Hmmm, I guess that is true. I just wish I could explain what's happening with me, but you're right, not every diagnosis is right and I am what I perceive myself as, to a point. Maybe I'll just ask about it and work through my coping mechanisms as that's at the least what they are, I think.", "link_id": "t3_ew9o8u", "time": 1580413267}}
{"fg0qn9z": {"text": "Ahh, thank you! I might ask my psych about that. I can make it stop, I think. It usually only lasts a few seconds really.", "link_id": "t3_ew9d2z", "time": 1580413119}}
{"fg0qf8q": {"text": "Hmmm...I dont know my friend. Could you ask your doc about all your diagnoses? Not saying they're not all possible, just seems like lot.", "link_id": "t3_ew0o46", "time": 1580412997}}
{"fg0nk4f": {"text": "Of course! Thank you for responding :) I dont remember anything besides a few memories from before I was 6, and everything between 6 and 11 is kind of a patches of memories; I remember generally what I was like, and some strong memories, things with friends, etc. But I dont remember them like they were yesterday. I can control what all these 'characters' do; it feels like its coming from the same brain, I think, if that makes sense. I dont find myself doing or saying things I dont want to. Occasionally, I'll react childishly to stress-- like squirming, or making whining noises, but I'm conscious of doing them. Just feel a lil 'wtf' like afterwards. That childish reaction has happened maybe 5x in my life.", "link_id": "t3_ew9d2z", "time": 1580411396}}
{"fg0j6af": {"text": "Thank you so much for responding! I do have a psychiatrist! I didnt outline the talking to myself bit to him, but tried to come in with some of my experiences that I've had up to that point. He seemed to agree with bipolar, but I didnt mention my queries on possibly being borderline. That's true, diagnoses are just ways to communicate ideas for treatment. And that's also true, these disorders are felt very individually. I dont have the same experiences with 'splitting' I think (only demonizing my father when i was younger for the difficult life he put my family through; I've since come to realize things are more complex) and have good relationships with people. I haven't had a romantic relationship yet, so I cant tell there, and usually dont feel apprehensive towards the world or like people are trying to abandon me/thinking badly of me. I only get paranoid sometimes when manic. But, this might be a limited notion of BPD, I realize.I'd love to dm more to ask about your experience!", "link_id": "t3_ew9enw", "time": 1580408869}}
{"fg0hcvf": {"text": "Thanks for replying!! That's true, I am placing more emphasis there. I eonder if I'm disassociating and just not noticing. That's not really possible, is it? I'll check out the dpdr sub, thank you!", "link_id": "t3_ew9cjo", "time": 1580407821}}
{"ffzr418": {"text": "Well, regulation is all I need! Thats good to hear the episodes aren't so bad. I've been rapid cycling (I think; need to confirm with my doc) and I'm just nervous that a really bad episode is lurking, so I want to get on something as soon as possible.", "link_id": "t3_evpl7v", "time": 1580390451}}
{"ffzq6ke": {"text": "That's how I feel! I feel like it'd be comforting to know, since even meds (while mostly the same across the board), theres a slightly different approach in some cases. If the manias are as serious as I feel they are, I dont want to risk anything with them. I'd also be more inclined to try lithium again if type 1 is the case; won't necessarily, cuz my body physically suffers from it apparently (re: quick response from kidneys), but it seems to be a miracle drug for many BP1s, so we'll have to see. And, you're making complete sense! Don't worry :) (I do suggest the rest tho, it makes everything better)Oh wow!! That's so amazing! I want to be a polyglot so badly, and French, German, and Spanish are 3 of the languages I want to learn! It's all pipe dreams on my end tho, the fact that you're actually doing it is remarkable! Ahh, that's fair, shows are hard to find. Even the ones I'd suggest, I'm sure have been watched since they're quite popular. But, if you wanna try the audiobooks, that could be an alright thing to do! Also, to try even just a little bit of reading; even if you can only do 5 pages. Even 1 page! It helps. But, that can be later down the line, and that's okay too. Aww, stop! It's like a family round here, I agree. A family of 'misfits' if you will. No one else quite understands what we go through, and we've all been there; I've found mental illnesses make people kinder to each other. Certainly more empathic at least. Happy I could provide any help, alongside others, when it gets tough! Hang in there. I'm always here to chat, if you need (or just want to)!", "link_id": "t3_evv255", "time": 1580389628}}
{"ffzpavw": {"text": "Thank you &lt;3", "link_id": "t3_evx7dj", "time": 1580388816}}
{"ffzpa41": {"text": "Of course!! Wishing you luck :) you'll crush it!", "link_id": "t3_ew1qve", "time": 1580388797}}
{"ffzkp7j": {"text": "I dont believe so! (But I appreciate you appreciating my comment :) )They AREN'T, ugh I'm really realizing this. That's a good question! One I'm trying tk fond a former answer on. In hospital, I was typed BPII with 'cannabis induced psychosis\" (I'd only smoked 2x at that point, and a LONG time passed between smoking and the full extent of my episode), and I've since been typed as BP1 by my main psychologist, my former school psychologist, and my former school psychiatrist, who called my case textbook. My current psychiatrist calls me a 'moderate' case but believes in treating the symptoms and not typing. I'm planning on doing a more extensive diagnostic to find out, lol. Sorry! Lots of rambling for a simple question. Oh, its terrible! It's so hard to be productive, when the very nature of doing so depends on faculties you literally do not have! And when you try to act as if you do, you just get more frustrated because, yes, you cant do them as you want to, if at all. I'm barely much of a reader, and I hated bot being able to read (and had academic work due, so it really was pressing). I really and truly feel your pain. Six languages, that's amazing!! Which ones? Is there any way you can keep up by watching foreign shows or listening to audiobooks? They still take energy, but it's a lil easier on the brain! And, when you come back to studying more deeply, you might find you haven't lost too much, at least listening wise.", "link_id": "t3_evv255", "time": 1580383843}}
{"ffzjtob": {"text": "Hmmm....this is a hard question for me. My depressions always look the same: empty, some sadness, overeating, oversleeping, lack of motivation, lack of concentration (everything is too hard--i feel slow) and anhedonia. I isolate, a LOT. My mania shifts. Usually always some form of over productive, but I can have dysphoric mania (extreme anxiety, paranoia, flight of thoughts/fears), elation (overtalkativeness, sociability, HAPPY thoughts, feeling one with the world and everything is so beautiful), or I get really angry (rage tantrums). Right now, I'm going through a mixed episode (I think), which is different from even my last mixed episode. I have the anxiety lots of days (often an itching to do something), bouts of rage (had first tantrum in nearly 4 years), and the elation (car rides are fun!) Things that stay are the impulsivity and obsessions. I recently got paranoid and held the delusion that the govt was puppeteering me, cuz of the Bryant tragedy. I was nose diving into 24/7 news reports on the crash, and in conspiracy theories on the incident. I've gotten the sudden impulse to jump out of a moving car, another time to go on a random bus to somewhere I dont know, it's an adventure. Then, the day after the obsessions, I break down sobbing to family to not leave my alone, cuz I'm scared of my thoughts and the thought that someone's watching me. Next day, I'm good, not depressed, back to productive (but not too out of bounds). I've had this back and forth, anxious/elated/raging manic switches, all within barely the same week.Sleep is fucked, in all instances. A lil more fucked when 'elated' manic.", "link_id": "t3_evr5i2", "time": 1580382687}}
{"ffzj43q": {"text": "Are you saying they said you have all the conditions above and NOT bipolar? I'm a lil confused by post.", "link_id": "t3_ew0o46", "time": 1580381714}}
{"ffzizow": {"text": "I've definitely been here, and you put it so beautifully. You just feel empty. I'm in (or hopefully coming out of?) what I'd type as a mixed episode, maybe closer to the manic side, but I was in a months-long depression and the apathy is right. The grays. The emptiness. The lack of something, something that's so deeply missing and you wish you could scratch at your skin, finding it somewhere, but all you find is its nowhere, and you feel that fact everywhere. Its upsetting. In high school, I had a depression where all I saw was sepia. I knew the sky was blue, but I judt saw sepia. No colors. I swore my eyes were broken. People talk about the intensity of colors and senses during mania, but I rarely find people discuss the dulling of the senses and the mind.", "link_id": "t3_evv255", "time": 1580381539}}
{"ffzijo1": {"text": "I go through obsessions like crazy when manic; once were bikes; another time rollerskates; another time writing plays (a how to); another time politics as well. That last one didnt last very long tho, but I'm trying to get more involved in general. I've also been obsessing over the news, in a different way. Sunday was really hard for a lot of Americans (and the global community), and I found myself paranoid over conspiracy theories over what happened, and obsessing over the idea that someone was watching and puppeteering me; I'd rant to my brother about how ridiculous the whole situation was, and then I crashed in sadness and loneliness the next day from the subconscious realization that I cant be alone and be having these thoughts. Was rough.Next day, I'm fine. Friend checks in on me, family convulsed me thru it, were nervous. Been fine since. Still having a bit of a hard time sleeping at night, but I get there eventually.", "link_id": "t3_ew1guz", "time": 1580380914}}
{"ffzhukq": {"text": "Damn. Thank you!! Ughhh let's hope I cam Gunther distance. I was concerned maybe 25 mg made sense; but then again, I dont tend to have sensitivities to the meds I take side effects wise (byside weight gain :sigh:) so we'll see!", "link_id": "t3_evpjy4", "time": 1580379905}}
{"ffz1r8h": {"text": "Yayy!! The less medicated sleep, the better!", "link_id": "t3_evyaa0", "time": 1580361162}}
{"ffz0p2v": {"text": "Ahhh, okay! Wishing you luck!", "link_id": "t3_evpkix", "time": 1580360240}}
{"ffyy0ga": {"text": "I'm in a similar spot, but things have gotten a bit better. Has your doctor mentioned anything about it you can do? My instance has only gotten better with some time and sleep hygiene sadly (or just tides shifting a bit), but that doesn't always work :/", "link_id": "t3_evx7dj", "time": 1580358049}}
{"ffywwrm": {"text": "Oh, wow, thank you for telling me! I guess there is always a different experience for everyone, and not all ends work as they seem. Does your doc at least know this is happening?", "link_id": "t3_evpkix", "time": 1580357202}}
{"ffyqorl": {"text": "Thanks for responding! All of this is putting me at ease. How do you like Lamictal, if you dont mind me asking? Have you used it as a monotherapy or in conjunction with other meds? And, have you noticed side effects?", "link_id": "t3_evpl7v", "time": 1580352796}}
{"ffxkaai": {"text": "Ahhh, sure puts it in perspective! Thanks for responding haha. I'll keep note of side effects!", "link_id": "t3_evpl7v", "time": 1580326858}}
{"ffx6ee0": {"text": "Oh wow, that really makes me feel more at ease! I'm hoping I'm not the 1% (first time I figured I'd say that, ha)", "link_id": "t3_evpl7v", "time": 1580318715}}
{"ffx6bng": {"text": "Thanks for responding! I guess I'm just getting myself all worried. I'll let my doc know if anything comes up!", "link_id": "t3_evpkix", "time": 1580318669}}
{"ffx63qi": {"text": "Really? That makes me feel better about it! How did you titrate up, if you dont mind me asking? Do you think starting with 50mg is too much or okay?", "link_id": "t3_evpl7v", "time": 1580318538}}
{"ffwh0fb": {"text": "All I can say is I'm following, as someone in the same boat. Wish I knew.", "link_id": "t3_evleca", "time": 1580300703}}
{"ffwgu94": {"text": "This is difficult for me. I haven't watched it yet, but as someone who rejected the notion that she could have bipolar because there was no family history....there was. My fathers side was FULL of 'off' behavior that matches some bipolar symptoms. My father was also emotionally and physically abusive, whenever he was around. This is a difficult thing to remember, but just as it's possible to be abusive without bipolar, it's possible to be abusive and have it. Just because someone has bipolar doesn't mean thats not possible; it also means having bipolar doesnt increase the likelihood of being abusive, but that possibility is still there. Many people have stories like mine. It is annoying that the media seems to only highlight those stories though. That's why I appreciated the Shameless's portrayal of their mom. She still made some terrible decisions, but it was within context of her disorder. I wish there were more portrayals of functional people with bipolar overall.", "link_id": "t3_evji5w", "time": 1580300530}}
{"ffwg97g": {"text": "I can really relate. I've even wondered whether I was borderline (pre-diagnosis) since I know feeling empty is an indicator. I felt like I never knew what joy felt like. I wouldn't even feel sad, I'd just feel.....numb. A loss of emotion. I didnt realize I was still depressed then too, it just wasnt registering as sadness. Sometimes, I take a step back and realize I still feel kind of empty, underneath it all, whether happyish or sad 'manic' or not. I rate things by whether the emptiness 'grows' or decreases. It might be worth talking with your doc to see if its meds, or with a therapist if it could be resulting from trauma.", "link_id": "t3_evd9wr", "time": 1580299918}}
{"fft87pm": {"text": "I strongly relate to this. People think meds are the end all, but even if you get on them, theres so much to life you still have to figure out with this illness. And theres much they help, but also much they mute or make more difficult. Sometimes too much of the latter for them to 'just barely' work.And then, the difficulty solution of finding the right meds, then the right dosages, the right interactions. Its exhausting, and I wish you to find them very soon. I hope you keep hope on, because you really never know if the next one or try or adjustment is 'it'. But I know its difficult. And the illness adapts, which makes it even harder.", "link_id": "t3_ev2wif", "time": 1580211849}}
{"ffszsl8": {"text": "That's true, it is all part of the illness. That's the more appropriate take on it, knowing that they reoccur and finding the right tools to handle them. I hope the best for you as well! And that you make it out soon of this state, cuz it sucks.", "link_id": "t3_euuihc", "time": 1580199578}}
{"ffszduq": {"text": "That's true. It's the sense that it's hard to believe 'that kind of guy' could have done it, and especially in death it's difficult for 'that kind of guy' to be doubted as well. Much love to you as well!", "link_id": "t3_euig7t", "time": 1580199015}}
{"ffsz9n4": {"text": "Oh my gosh, the coronavirus is tripping me up as well!! Like, WHAT the hell is happening?? Shit just really hit the fan very, very quickly.", "link_id": "t3_euig7t", "time": 1580198857}}
{"ffsz5ra": {"text": "Thank you :) I sure hope they pass. They did pass the first time, so hopefully this second time I feel it coming up, it can pass too, or I can handle it better.", "link_id": "t3_euuihc", "time": 1580198711}}
{"ffsz4gw": {"text": "Sorry, I ended up sleeping round 5PMish and I'm just waking up now (nearly 3AM). Thank you for responding. I hate that you've gone/are going through this too, it SUCKS. Thank you though for helping me feel I'm not alone here in what I'm going through. Awww :( I'd be freaked that something could happen to my pets if I had em, so I definitely sympathize. I strangely just feel like, I just feel some extra bit of broken and alone when they leave. I know they must, but I can't help it. I fell asleep, and I think my brother left and tried to wake me to say bye, but I feel much better now, and okay with being alone. But, I don't know how I could've made it without 'sleeping in' to it, you know? I don't know. On the borderline piece, that's my thinking. Who knows. Thank you so much for responding.", "link_id": "t3_euuihc", "time": 1580198663}}
{"ffrmsv8": {"text": "I really do appreciate this perspective. His failings in his private life haven't left my mind either. I didnt mean to screw things up by calling him legend; it's more so the manner in which this is going down. This most definitely can be triggering for assault victims as well, which should be acknowledged.", "link_id": "t3_euig7t", "time": 1580161289}}
{"ffr9tez": {"text": "Crossing em for you!!", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580153571}}
{"ffr4jo0": {"text": "Well, at least you got the number, to inquire! And, you never know, lithium has caused problems for people and then for others it's weight-neutral. You really never know.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580150302}}
{"ffr4bwr": {"text": "That's fair. I'll have to see what they end up saying about it.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580150171}}
{"ffqcyky": {"text": "Okay! :)", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580130755}}
{"ffq9bbz": {"text": "Wow, thanks for sharing! What the hell is with your head of service? That's so unprofessional of them to say to you, and I'm so sorry your other psych wouldn't listen to your concerns over what was happening as well, attributing it to drug use when you hadn't used. I'd be just as annoyed by docs ignoring symptoms and you, and forcing you to go private. Were you eventually able to be diagnosed and suggested mood stabilizers in private? That's so frustrating when you know what's likely happening but (most) doctors or heads won't even listen to you.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580126870}}
{"ffq8pw2": {"text": "Thank you for responding! I'm not visibly manic right now so it might take a bit to find the appropriate diagnosis...there are some things that are off and things that I notice, but would be hard to notice if you didn't know me, I think.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580126146}}
{"ffpzem2": {"text": "Just as yours is as well! It might be less publicized, but you losing your life wouldnt be any less tragic.", "link_id": "t3_euig7t", "time": 1580112213}}
{"ffpy4lq": {"text": "I'm not sure if this is because you're having ideation, or wish you could switch pains with them out of empathy....but I dont know man. I wish none of this was happening at all instead.", "link_id": "t3_euig7t", "time": 1580110504}}
{"ffpv838": {"text": "Thanks for responding, and the well wishes and advice. You're right, I'm gonna try and counter act my rumination by thinking of the good. He was doing a lot of good before....well. yes.", "link_id": "t3_euig7t", "time": 1580106988}}
{"ffploo6": {"text": "I just really can't believe it. Like, this shit is actually real. I dont believe it anymore than when I tried to when I first heard it today. Such a terrible tragedy, all around.", "link_id": "t3_euig7t", "time": 1580098145}}
{"ffnnx23": {"text": "Hmmm...I guess that's a fair place to leave it for now. And, you're right, that does mess a kid up well. Brains ARE weird. I guess, if it ain't broke, for now?", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580068332}}
{"ffnk9c6": {"text": "Thanks for sharing! Wow, they took a really extensive approach to it, it seems. I hope things have gotten better since then. And, that's sweet your best friend was so understanding about everything, and y'all have that code word about you!", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580067087}}
{"ffnjawm": {"text": "Thank you for sharing! That is really confusing. I'm dealing with the same thing, where my current psychiatrist believes I'm on the spectrum but doesn't like labelling.That's strange, did that resident confirm with someone else about the BPD traits thing? Have you brought that experience up to your current psych? It feels weird to diagnose 2 things, out of the blue when you don't meet full diagnostic criteria, meanwhile saying the other thing you didn't exactly meet fully was wrong for that same reason. I'm happy that everything's dormant now you're managing well tho! Sounds like whatever it is, it's working.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580066680}}
{"ffnf35h": {"text": "Thank you for saying that. I feel like, if this extensive interview checks out, I really will listen. I really just want to feel even after all.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580065156}}
{"ffnex61": {"text": "Currently going through this with trying to get healthy, and trying to finish coursework from the fall. Now that the end is somewhat in sight, it's starting (on the work wise). You're not alone.", "link_id": "t3_etx4g0", "time": 1580065084}}
{"ffndwfa": {"text": "I'm so sorry you're going through this, and wish I could ease even some of the pain. Like others have said, you WILL get through this. You are strong, but it's okay to acknowledge you're also very vulnerable; that doesn't make you weak. That means you need support. I think someone mentioned your SO being the carer for your son while you improve. Can you get on some sort of disability status while you recover? Or paid leave from work? Can they get unemployment benefits? Do you have family that can come by and help with your mom, even just your situation? You have to put yourself first, because if you don't, your health will get worse. You need to give yourself the greatest chance of recovery, for your health and peace of mind. Can you set up a time to video chat your son every so often? I wish I could say better to improve things. I don't know what to say besides, you are very strong, and I'm really wishing you well through this difficult time. You're in my thoughts.", "link_id": "t3_eu78ma", "time": 1580064651}}
{"ffncm95": {"text": "I've been trying to not get down on myself for not being able to work as well lately, since I have some schoolwork from fall to finish. Also been watching some documentaries, easing into the days as lazy days and taking it one step at a time. Big difference from waking up annoyed I didn't get up at 6. (Now, if only I can work once awake...)", "link_id": "t3_eu6wlr", "time": 1580064307}}
{"ffnc1ri": {"text": "Ah, that makes sense. That's what I'm hoping to do! I just want a diagnostic really; I don't mind the current person treating me now. Hopefully it works out for the both of us!", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580064176}}
{"ffnbkfc": {"text": "Right, the workload is a lot too! Oh, no, that's terrible! But, expected, the way things are going. I like that exercise! I might try that with my psych next.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580064013}}
{"ffnap05": {"text": "Thank you :)", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580063778}}
{"ffnajjk": {"text": "I will! Likewise :)", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580063726}}
{"ffna8cf": {"text": "Thank you so much for sharing, and I'm so sorry you've had such a terrible experience: with the illness, doctors not taking you seriously, just all of it. A theme I notice is doctors not believing their patients (yet if you don't tell them something, then you're wrong and 'withholding info'), and your experience in crisis centers sounds terrible. I'm hoping that things get better from here on out, and that you have good supports (including your current gf?) to tide you over.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580063600}}
{"ffn9bm5": {"text": "Thank you for responding! That does sound like a lot of classic symptoms, from the little I've read. I'm hoping to get this final say so I can confirm I need my meds once and for all, and figure out which ones would make the most sense.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580063365}}
{"ffn8wbt": {"text": "Thanks for responding! That's an interesting national take on things. Treatment is the end goal, so I'm glad that what y'all are doing is working for you, even without a former label. The management/way of life way of going about it is what matters most, at the end of the day. (Somehow, it's hard for me do divorce myself from needing a formal diagnosis still.)", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580063193}}
{"ffn80df": {"text": "Haha, I gotta try that, if only I liked going to the gym :( Maybe this year will be the year for me!", "link_id": "t3_eu0l8o", "time": 1580062984}}
{"ffn7wia": {"text": "That's fair, some alternative forms of therapy might be a good luck through. I don't really know anything about what forms of therapy help best, but I do know that not everything works for everyone. I'm more asexual on average, but I can't imagine not being able to enjoy sex if that's something you always have. You're speaking facts on these med side effects tho, as if dealing with the mental ain't enough, dealing with very physical side effects that deeply affect how we feel is tough. That's good that at least your doc is aware of your body dysmorphia and wants to minimize tipping that as much as possible. Is there anything that can be prescribed to counter act the hunger pangs that accompany the weight gainers? I know it's hard cuz they change us metabolically too. As someone who has metabolic issues and big problems with weight, I deeply feel your pain.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580062951}}
{"ffn0o9w": {"text": "Yeah, I feel it's probably hard with bipolar because a) the stigma, b) it is a very serious diagnosis and c) the lines between 'fine' and 'good' and 'too good'...they're hard to calibrate, from person to person. How much energy, is too much energy? Some people naturally get involved in project to project and are just high functioning neurotypicals. It's not a 'high' for them, they're fairly healthy, they don't even deal with extended depressive stints if at all. It's hard to judge.Yeah, some baseline and perspective does help. And having people (online or otherwise) to share those unknowns with is very helpful.I agree, work with your doc, going cold turkey on meds is NOT a good idea. I'd work with your doc, maybe voice some of your concerns. See where they've outlined why they think you have the disorder; that can help sometimes in confirming some things, putting at ease, or a light blinking and you saying 'I don't quite agree'. I'm wishing you luck, and happy I could help any bit. Cheers!ETA: rest of comment", "link_id": "t3_etmfe6", "time": 1580060764}}
{"ffmzjot": {"text": "Sorry for that :( cycles are tough to break through. It really is! I'm not sure what's going on really, haha.", "link_id": "t3_eu0l8o", "time": 1580060486}}
{"ffmv0pu": {"text": "Thank you for sharing! I wonder why your old psychiatrist never investigated more into it. Is there any reason why you don't want to try a different psychiatrist to confirm, or get it diagnosed officially?", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580059261}}
{"ffmu9bn": {"text": "Thank you!", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580058980}}
{"ffmu27z": {"text": "Anyone would be exhausted, going through all of that. You have right to that. I'm sorry things have gotten much harder to manage and things more treatment-resistant; does your doctor have a plan for helping with this?", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580058903}}
{"ffmtnx4": {"text": "Thank you for sharing. Wow, I'm so sorry that you went, and are going through this. They're not lying when they say that these episodes cause damage to our brains. I'm wishing you luck on returning eventually to your academic/research career, if you decide you want to. I see, that makes sense. Parsing those symptoms, that makes sense.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580058751}}
{"ffmss65": {"text": "No, thank you for sharing! I relate very strongly to what you said you went through. I'm really trying to see about my family history from my mom, as much as possible behaviors, since I know diagnoses weren't given if there is anything.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580058536}}
{"ffmptes": {"text": "Thank you for sharing! Those are very different outcomes! (Though, I'm understanding, more practicers are believing they're on more of a continuum/spectrum as well). That's good that an actual interview pinpointed what it more likely is.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580057685}}
{"ffmpcev": {"text": "Thank you for sharing! Wow, that's interesting how (the director and your later doctor) were both thinking schizoaffective disorder. I see, hour long, lengthy set of questions. I wonder why I never got this sort of test or interview set!", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580057498}}
{"ffmoqx0": {"text": "Thanks for sharing, and hehe, thank you for the best wishes on this track! Wow, I never thought of that, low lithium as a biomarker for bipolar huh. I wonder if they'll ask about that. I'm trying to prepare some histories so I don't blank on 'question/answer' stuff, since i'm bad about answering questions in the moment.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580057332}}
{"ffmo6ku": {"text": "Thank you for sharing! I'm wondering if that's the case for me, since my 'highs' don't seem that bad (to me), but concern some of my friends and family. And my lows have been unbearable in the past.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580057204}}
{"ffmnzjb": {"text": "Ahhh, I see, so I mix of what I'm hoping for! And yeah, no, it's terrible. And that's another thing, what it communicates to patients struggling, that unimportance (and burdening) doesn't help at all. Sounds like psychiatric sector is overburdened everywhere, sadly. I'm lucky enough that my current psychologist I started seeing through an achievement gap program from middle school that had psychiatric services, and then others were through college--even those were long waits. When I tried going in  network, I couldn't cuz of the shitty deductibles. I'm about to try with my home insurance now, so I'll have to get back to you on that!It varies from city to rural areas too, though even. People have talked on here about how there's only so many psychiatric professionals in rural areas, all with long waiting lists. And hospitalizations depend on if they have enough beds. It's all a mess to me.", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580057132}}
{"ffmn65g": {"text": "Of course! And she has the right to that, it can be hard on people without mental illness. But that lasting support is the most important thing!", "link_id": "t3_eu62c5", "time": 1580056815}}
{"ffmmg0a": {"text": "Thank you for replying! I'm kinda the reverse, diagnosed depression with some anxiety at age 16ish, ADHD 'round 18. It can be so hard to recognize behavior in ourselves aligning with something, which you exemplify as someone who could also diagnose!I'm so sorry you went through such a terrible episode. I can't imagine if that doc stayed...makes no sense, NOT listening to your patient like that. I'm glad your second doc listened to you appropriately and is treating you the way you need.I've wondered about BPD myself because I used to struggle with binge eating (and still have troubles with overeating in general), but I notice my binges accompany particularly bad depressive episodes. They're almost cyclical themselves. I've also never had the dysfunction in relationships; haven't had many romantic to know (not my jam), but have great friendships and good relationships with family too, so I wonder. Also never self-harmed, unless you count the binge eating (sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.)", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580056669}}
{"ffmko3x": {"text": "No, thank you for responding! No ramble at all. It was inspiring reading you be so 'ahead' of your treatment plan, reaching out for help, and being prepared for the diagnostic. I've been trying to read up on bipolar, and watch some documentaries, and though I still do feel I don't know much at all, it's helping me to know how to frame my symptoms so it doesn't come out all garbled. That's awesome you talk so freely to your father about this, and have friends and support groups to reach out to. And good public healthcare is EVERYTHING, ugh.I wasn't hospitalized, but similarly diagnosed with depression and some anxiety around 16,  the anxiety faded by depressive stints stayed, in addition to some 'quite not rights' that I want to uncover. I'm wishing you luck on your journey to recovery and figuring out what works for you! Also, that makes sense on the psychiatrist meeting thing. I guess I'm getting tripped up over the 'hourlong' thing I didn't have. Psychologists nor social workers really checked in in between either, just nurses that asked 'how are you feeling today?' and I gave quick answers to. I guess the med reactions and group therapy responses could give a lot away, but I hadn't even realized I could have been manic in hospital since I wasn't eating and wasn't sleeping and just thought the meds 'took away my depression,' but they didn't place me on any anti-depressants either.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580055950}}
{"ffmhw1d": {"text": "Thank you for sharing! I see, they took a partially observational approach and got at how you thought as well, which I like. In addition to the behavior. I'm so glad your dad paid attention to how you feel, and scheduled that first therapy appointment. I'm trying to write down all the little details I find in the day, and compile them into some short enough doc to bring in with me, since the person won't know me as I'm looking for a second opinion.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580054890}}
{"ffmha4v": {"text": "Thank you for sharing. Wow, I'm so sorry that your mother contributed to your inability to get stable. I know that diagnosing as a teenager is controversial, but it does prevent these kinds of cases. I'm wishing you well in your journey on getting stabilized. I'm gonna keep my (limited) time with antidepressants in mind when I see a diagnostic doctor.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580054679}}
{"ffmgtdx": {"text": "Thank you for sharing! It can be really difficult to believe different doctors when they say you have something. I'm sort of in a similar boat, but want a more extensive diagnostic evaluation, to really clarify things for me. I think I additionally have a lot of shame and misunderstanding of what bipolar is as well, and I've been trying to change/vary the portrayals of bipolar that show up in my media, though media's overall portrayals of only certain extremes doesn't help. I've tried watching Stephen Fry's documentary too. The fear of whatever I'm going through also getting worse with over time, even if I find out what's happening, also scares me. That's me! To a tee. Depression first (with some anxiety that magically disappeared), then ADHD. And, get this, they typed it 'impulsive' type. I know it's a synonym for hyperactive for ADHD's case, but I wonder how the docror'll look at that.", "link_id": "t3_eu62o5", "time": 1580054460}}
{"fflifm8": {"text": "Thanks for responding! I do feel overstimulated! Like, noises often feel too loud and abrasive, and colors too bright or 'distracting' (have to notice them.) But I dont feel the overstimulation at the same times as the anxiety, if that makes sense? Or maybe I'm not connecting them in my mind and there is a connection. It might be that, over the bus. It's weird, because I know I made the better decision by staying and working, but I was itching to just go and explore. Like different parts of my mind are conflicting on confirming it was the right decision, even though a few weeks ago I know itd unilaterally be staying to do my work. Maybe it was anxiety over not getting work done....I'm just wondering why it came up again in the car.Haha, that's true from the music. I normally love listening to music like that as well! Something felt different about this time, but maybe I'm reading into it. No, you're making sense!!, sorry, my post was hard to  understand!", "link_id": "t3_eu0nnc", "time": 1580039992}}
{"ffj6iem": {"text": "That's true! I like that analogy. You really gotta try to get better. You need those lines. I'm wishing you the best too, and sincerely hoping you get the medical attention that you need as soon as possible. It really is rough out here. All we all need is help, but I believe in all of us in getting to the places where we need to be. Thank you!!", "link_id": "t3_erfotp", "time": 1579991632}}
{"ffhwznb": {"text": "Ahh, I see. Even then, seems a bit reckless to not consider the patients own words there, actions and functionality can change quickly. I feel you on controlling emotions, I have learned the same (similar motivation from father, who was abusive as well). That very well may be true, the times are behind in those ways a lot.", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579957611}}
{"ffhum36": {"text": "Fuck, I'm so sorry. That's terrifying to go through, but all too real round these parts. As hard as it is, you cant let doctors not treating youn seriously make you stop treating yourself seriously; you are your own first line of defense, and its really good that you recognize that and you're trying to get help. I'm confused by doctors hearing your symptoms, you staying you dont feel safe by yourself, and letting you go with not even a hair of an action plan? It could be overcrowding, which is an issue in itself. I wish I knew other steps to advise :/", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579954664}}
{"ffhsk12": {"text": "I feel that. It's very confusing, and it's common to feel you don't have bipolar cuz the meds are working, but people dont discuss what you mention enough, where theres almost an 'imposters syndrome' regarding bipolar where you believe you're using it as a crutch when it in fact has interfered with your life. Then again, second opinions are always good, in case things start to feel like they dont register anymore, but I can't imagine how hard it is if you cant afford it :/ theres no one in-network you can try?", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579951703}}
{"ffhgegb": {"text": "\\&gt; and thinking I could become the next Buddha through meditationEven before this line, you had me in the first half. I think it's hard (and I'm saying this as someone who's navigating a re-diagnosis from doubts myself) that as people who have been diagnosed with bipolar, to take ourselves out of the equations and not think of how we feel while doing our actions, but just look at our actions ourselves. And really evaluate the emotions we have while doing them, our energy states. This is not neurotypical behavior, that you've outlined here. The cycles, and the scale of said cycles, align with others' experiences with bipolar as well. Mood lability (the snow) isn't uncommon in bipolar disorder or between episodes. It can also take years to relapse. It can take years to have your first majorly disruptive depressive episode, and vice versa. For many people, the first majorly disruptive episodes are depression; yours might've been your manias, if they are that. You might've reached a euthymic state with your therapist, and that doesn't mean EDMR therapy wasn't helpful for you, that just means psychotherapy can be a rightful tool in your treatment plan. But responding positively to that doesn't mean someone doesn't have bipolar anymore.You might be one of the lucky ones where your meds just really work with your body chemistry, no matter what you do. While I think the goal is holistic health, I think this is what everyone wants. They'd be even more effective if you utilized habits that facilitated them in maintaining your mental state, but ehh. I'd advise you not got off them, though, or talk with your doc first because it's classic bipolar too to, once you feel better, think you no longer need meds or no longer have the illness. But, all of this is, again, assuming you actually have bipolar. I'm no doctor. None of us are. I'm just saying this, in the off chance you are and are trying to deny, and need to be reassured that these things can't possibly be possible if you have bipolar, because they very much are. If you're really concerned and thinking, I'd say get a second opinion (as always), it really can't hurt. But, you have a family history, and your wife strongly agrees. I don't know what to tell you.", "link_id": "t3_etmfe6", "time": 1579934116}}
{"ffhf7pc": {"text": "I feel fatigue in the daytime from hypomania too, it's quite common actually. Especially if you have mixed hypomania (which I suspect I'm having a bout of), where there are either depressive symptoms present or your hypomania is more agitated in expression than elated. I'm going through it now where, occasionally, I'll sleep from 4PM-12AMish because of meds (I'm a student), but usually in the day I have a shit time sleeping. Tossing and turning just trying to force myself to sleep, almost insomniac but I know it's because my mind wakes up after about 2 hours sleep and decides 'you're good! No need for sleep!' I also have other symptoms, like anxiety, rough impulses, agitated and tense, mood swings (with some giddiness thrown in there), overstimulation of the senses more classic to mania, and am prone to tantrums (haven't had one in years, but got close on Thursday). Reaction to stimuli all out of whack, screaming at myself. That kinda thing.  But again, that's mixed, and that's just MY experience *in* a probably mixed hypomania, yours can very well be classic hypomania as that happened to me too.", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579932732}}
{"ffhepd1": {"text": "This was exactly my experience. It's been a while since I'd had full blown (if it even was that), but just this hypomanic episode was EXHAUSTING, and my body would feel it eventually as the days went on. Eventually, I crashed, and slept for like 12 hours, 2 days in a row.", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579932165}}
{"ffhei4l": {"text": "You're right, there's no point giving up without knowing I tried my best. That's why I want to keep going! I NEED things to get better, cuz this right here ain't it. Maybe I need to take a similar approach and not take things too seriously...seriously, yes, but acknowledge that it'll take some time. Hehe,  thank you, I sure hope they do! I'm hoping things continue making sense for you :)", "link_id": "t3_erfotp", "time": 1579931945}}
{"ffgpzzf": {"text": "Exactly!! Though I do love my psychologist. Thank you, I will try to keep at it, I hate that it make take awhile to get better or realize what's going on though!", "link_id": "t3_erfotp", "time": 1579912121}}
{"fffruf9": {"text": "I was diagnosed May 2018! I've been thinking of getting a second (or fifth, who's counting) opinion at the medical group my moms a part of. I never thought of that, that withdrawal from an antidepressant can trigger mania as well. I've definitely had depressive episodes, and I guess some 'revved up' moments. I'm hoping the right diagnosis will come up, cuz I dont know if it's me being in denial but I cant help but feel theres something missing.", "link_id": "t3_erfotp", "time": 1579890431}}
{"fffr9lp": {"text": "I'm definitely talking to my psych about this then. Thank you for chiming in!", "link_id": "t3_eswtxv", "time": 1579890071}}
{"ffeoaa4": {"text": "I'm in LOVE with this song. It got me through some pretty bad depressions a few years ago; strangely, I never even bothered to check out the band. Just listening to this one, beautiful song, was enough for me as I was going through it.I'm so sorry to hear that you're going through such a tough time. PLEASE dont give up. It know it doesnt feel like it now, but theres always a way out of this room. Theres always a key, lying around, somewhere. Are there people nearby you you can spend time with? Friends nearby, or family? Sometimes, even if we still feel fairly alone 'by' people, just the act of spending time with others minimizes how alone we feel, and activates our sensors against our depressions. You might not have the energy to do this, but can you try finding a new pastime? It doesnt have to be something big. It can be learning a new language for 5 minutes, everyday on duolingo. Something new to trigger a different response in your brain. Can you try meditation and grounding techniques, to hawk at the stress, if you cant approach your neighbors as well? And most of all, are you working with a care team? Do you see a docto If you can afford to, maybe you can discuss the intrusive thoughts and see if any resulting therapies or medications can help them out. I'm wishing you all the best. It may not always be light where we're at, but eventually the clouds do lift.", "link_id": "t3_et6s2h", "time": 1579857094}}
{"ffcr8x9": {"text": "Baby steps and ride the waves, baby....these 2 phrases, I'll be repeating them profusely. Thank you! Hopefully the waves are kind to me this go around.", "link_id": "t3_eswtxv", "time": 1579805603}}
{"ffcqjgj": {"text": "I did recently change to Geodon, though I started the blip before that, but maybe that's causing things too...ughh, I sure hope it passes. Its really no fun.", "link_id": "t3_eswtxv", "time": 1579805142}}
{"ffcfrcz": {"text": "Lmaooo, ya. it's not fun. I guess I feel that. I'm not sure which camp I'm in, resisting the diagnosis and not being fine or being kind of fine, or it not being the right diagnosis for me, even. Holding stuff loosely for now might be the right idea. That's fair, sometimes it's not all about fitting into a neat box, but a lot of the insights and solutions still apply. No no, I'm so happy you're responding, it gives a lot of perspective :)", "link_id": "t3_eqnh21", "time": 1579798502}}
{"ffc7h97": {"text": "I should also say, I feel fine now, for some reason, in spite of all that.", "link_id": "t3_ess2of", "time": 1579793305}}
{"ffbv5ch": {"text": "This is so beautiful, and so poignant; it feels like I could've written it, if not for the fact I'm a terrible writer (lol). Thank you so much for sharing. I relate strongly to every line.", "link_id": "t3_ess9ez", "time": 1579783819}}
{"ffbq6mq": {"text": "I PM'ed you!", "link_id": "t3_erfotp", "time": 1579778193}}
{"ffbb4pe": {"text": "I guess I'm still pretty skeptical about the label being pushed on me, since I feel I relate to some stuff, but not enough of it for some reason. You're right tho, the same condition can manifest in different people in different ways...hell, in my 'revved up' times, I've presented as all three, sometimes all at the same time.Thank you :) I find I still dont really know my particulars myself, but part of that is not really knowing if I really have any. But I guess I should just keep an eye.", "link_id": "t3_eqnh21", "time": 1579758161}}
{"ffb9sti": {"text": "Thank you so much for validating me! They really are, honestly. I'm really thankful for your well wishes as well, I need all the help I can get. If it doesnt work out, in gonna try to be forgiving towards myself like you said.", "link_id": "t3_esbb33", "time": 1579756541}}
{"ff9tic0": {"text": "Awww, thank you so much!! You're too sweet :) I hardly feel like that. You're a hero, making it to your doctors every time! A lot of people cant make it that far, and need to!", "link_id": "t3_esc5oh", "time": 1579720927}}
{"ff9bi6o": {"text": "hehe, nice to know I'm not the only one! I'm a little more worried about the reactions to stimuli, though.", "link_id": "t3_esc570", "time": 1579709183}}
{"ff8tpl2": {"text": "Gah, I feel this so heavily! I feel like the 'bipolar giants' skipped me when they 'gifted' (\ud83d\ude14) me this illness. I'm not creative for shit! I write stupid poetry that doesnt make sense and no one wants to read, lol. Your organization skills actually makes sense, with everyone else's creativity buckets.", "link_id": "t3_erzwgw", "time": 1579695727}}
{"ff60em1": {"text": "(This response is to both your comments)That makes sense. Thanks for explaining. That's true, I will only have a subset of experiences of other people. I didn't think of that, that some behaviors show up on some cycles but don't show up on other cycles. I guess that's what might be happening to me, if I have this. And, you're right, the first step to managing any problem is recognizing there's a problem or something off to begin with. I second guess whether the problem is bipolar a lot of the times, but I know that there is something 'off' with me. My  red flags are hard to find cuz I feel like they 'move', but some I've been able to find. Thanks for reminding me to keep a closer eye on those, and that at the end of the day, it's just a label. The outside observer, that's really interesting...I'd love to find mine. I find it's impossible sometimes to de-'emotionalize' things for myself, and being able to look at things, not rationally, but dispassionately is a good word for it, would help.", "link_id": "t3_erfpit", "time": 1579615896}}
{"ff5wpyo": {"text": "Ahhh, I see. I guess I wonder, because I dont feel I get that talkative when I get in these states. I use to think so, but i dont think so. I write a lot, and post a lot, more than I talk. Maybe that's how it shows it for me? I can control my talking, but it's really hard for me to get myself to stop posting and talking and texting people and checking up on people randomly, I just need to feel stimulated I feel when for weeks on end I can not check in on anybody or can ignore lots of people's calls/texts. I dont think I've ever dealt with lost memories either. But my thoughts have gotten wonky, concentration zonked and focus off, the irritability, anger flashes, that tightness and feeling like I'm gonna explode from energy inside, but from the outside I hold up together, so I dont think its anything really? I've found this latest time I got a little 'up', I didnt buy ANYTHING, so I'm really starting to doubt things now. Things arent adding up, you know?", "link_id": "t3_erfpit", "time": 1579612800}}
{"ff5pifk": {"text": "That's valid. I'm selfish and alone a lot of the time, so my brain figures 'why not' lol", "link_id": "t3_erjckn", "time": 1579604783}}
{"ff4e3fc": {"text": "Well, things are a lil weird now since I did get a big burst of energy for a few days that accompanied a lack of sleep (among other symptoms) that seemed to disappear....but now I'm getting spurts of energy in the day, and more screaming 'matches' with myself and overall stress and feeling like my heads gonna explode, just 'contained' :/ I dont think that counts as an episode tho lol", "link_id": "t3_erje0o", "time": 1579561429}}
{"ff44ki5": {"text": "I've always felt that way about antidepressant induced mania too! Like, they dont diagnose when you have do street drugs, but you do it when you do 'legal' ones? Tho, I wasnt diagnosed when i was taking antidepressants, but I still question my diagnosis. Can I PM you about this?", "link_id": "t3_erfotp", "time": 1579555395}}
{"ff43cx3": {"text": "For some reason, they thought from my history that I have it, and i responded well enough to lithium and abilify. Only stopped the lithium because it wasnt boding well for my body physically, and the abilify cuz it wasnt bringing me out of depression. I've been secretly feeling it's a misdiagnosis though, since I dont get these responses to them.", "link_id": "t3_erfotp", "time": 1579554647}}
{"ff42zcx": {"text": "My doc did think I was teaching into a hypomanic ep...though that was seemingly calming down...", "link_id": "t3_erje0o", "time": 1579554415}}
{"ff3tzbw": {"text": "Hmmm....I didn't think about that. Maybe some side effects showed up later, or just weren't noticeable. Or maybe I really am just that easy to prescribe for. It's either that or I'm onto something, lol. Maybe I haven't had that med yet that stops me in my tracks who knows. But, I guess you're right, we don't all it neatly into the same boxes. Just made me think, since at some point, something's gotta give! I didn't know if anyone had the same experience as me.", "link_id": "t3_erfotp", "time": 1579548806}}
{"ff3tho6": {"text": "Ahh, wow, my things don't hold a candle to that! That sure is good to know, though. Thank you for sharing your experience!", "link_id": "t3_erchuu", "time": 1579548504}}
{"ff3dfn0": {"text": "Oh, wow! Well, damn, weed really can do some things to people sadly :( I've heard it's not so great for people with bipolar and schizophrenia. That's amazing that you've gotten stable, and even better, that most (maybe all?) of your psychosis is drug-induced, though preparation for the next break is a really good course of action. Hehe, no one who hasn't lived!", "link_id": "t3_erchuu", "time": 1579538892}}
{"ff3adpq": {"text": "Hehe, thank you, I'll keep a journal of them just in case. And thank you for the well wishes! I'm sending you the best as well, especially with your hallucinations, which from the sounds of it are a lot less mild :/", "link_id": "t3_erchuu", "time": 1579537345}}
{"ff38js0": {"text": "Hehe, that's true, that's true, lol. And, I guess, not really. It is really mild honestly. I'm not really on meds for them specifically, more so asking about them to make sure I'm not making light of the experience!", "link_id": "t3_erchuu", "time": 1579536224}}
{"ff36p1o": {"text": "Yay! That's awesome to hear. There have been times (again, also coincide with my episodes) where I've heard blaring music zooming in my ears in the daytime that I know wasnt there too, and I was fully awake....could that also count under that? Or, I'm I trying to count too much under that explanation?", "link_id": "t3_erchuu", "time": 1579534981}}
{"ff2vbe2": {"text": "Shoot, I'm wishing you well! The depressions after a manic episode can really be debilitating. I know some people pair antidepressants WITH mood stabilizers, or try options like lamictal, so I don't know if your doctor has tried that? Considering your history though, you might also decide to stay away, and I understand that too. It's all very confusing, the biochemistry of it all. Knowing what could trigger the illness as well, is always really hard.", "link_id": "t3_eqnhvh", "time": 1579525562}}
{"ff2uwhy": {"text": "I've never thought of it like that, in that context of a delusion/grandiosity. That's valid.", "link_id": "t3_eqnhvh", "time": 1579525117}}
{"ff2ur0u": {"text": "Ah, I see. I'm not really familiar with borderline, but I know sometimes people are misdiagnosed bipolar when it is borderline, but your docs and you know better than me. I feel you about 'not seeing the mania' sometimes, though. The point of diagnosis is the treatment, I guess, so it's good to hear it's doing well enough for you.", "link_id": "t3_eqnh21", "time": 1579524949}}
{"fezquby": {"text": "I feel that! I used to plan like crazy during hypomanic eps too. Strangely, I've noticed that less these last couple times....hehe I never start with the cleaning, and I never buy clothes! Mostly food or small dumb products that i never use.", "link_id": "t3_eqwj7d", "time": 1579460495}}
{"fezo6io": {"text": "Hey, I'm so sorry you're feeling this way and went through that and so glad you survived, like all of us here. I've been there. Do you have people by you? Can you get to the help you need, closer by?", "link_id": "t3_eqzb5j", "time": 1579459577}}
{"feygma2": {"text": "That's how I feel. When I look back on my life, I KNOW I'm low functioning, but mania really hasn't fucked with my life, so it feels really illegitimate, that's a really good way to describe it. It doesnt feel all that bad.", "link_id": "t3_eqnh21", "time": 1579445253}}
{"feygf8y": {"text": "Ahh, we're in (somewhat close) company!", "link_id": "t3_eqnh21", "time": 1579445179}}
{"fey51sj": {"text": "Of course! And, it really is. It's good to hear you're trying to do what you can to manage your current hypomanic state. I'm wishing you well, on that front (and of course, all other fronts, of life!) Take care as well, and thank you!", "link_id": "t3_eqfkcg", "time": 1579440881}}
{"few431j": {"text": "I feel that. I've always felt weird about the SSRI-induced thing with bipolar, but that's mostly me not knowing the science. But, the diagnosis doesn't have to excuse the behavior! We aren't our disorders. But, at times, we don't have 100% control, and it's okay to acknowledge that too. I'm sorry you're struggling from the aftermath of your last episode.Is there any way that your faith and your meds can go hand in hand?", "link_id": "t3_eqnh21", "time": 1579405070}}
{"fevsnbr": {"text": "Thank you for replying! I definitely feel that, high functioning and denial/doubting the disorder are definitely things that people go through. But, and especially for high functioning, might make people feel they dont really have BP. And the idea that we should blame ourselves somehow for our episodes, that if only we could've tried hard enough and we're somehow using our disorders as crutches when we can't overcome them-- just, wow. I felt this post.", "link_id": "t3_eqnh21", "time": 1579400972}}
{"feuoswl": {"text": "Hehe, way to flip the script on me there! I'd agree with you there.", "link_id": "t3_eqnh21", "time": 1579388591}}
{"feuev7w": {"text": "I was here. I wasn't cleaning my whole house, but I was reading 600 page books (not cuz I wanted to -- school was calling) and screaming at myself (still am at times), crying in front of my friends from stress, feeling the anxiety, barely finishing my sentences if people ask me anything more than yes and no. You will get there, I promise. But, you need to tell you therapist and psychiatrist what you're going through, and you need to start coming up with techniques to start the come down. Now. I'm 22 and a 4 year college student too, who's only done (trying to complete) 1 year. PLEASE feel free to message me.", "link_id": "t3_eqkxg4", "time": 1579385883}}
{"feubt04": {"text": "Are you noticing other symptoms? What do you mean by \"almost depressed\"? Does the energy feel frantic? How do you feel today? Could be a mixed features situation thing situation too, but the details are scarce. But, I was in a similar position, was depressed for a while (like nearly 2 months) then suddenly started reading and sending posts outta nowhere, sending texts outta nowhere, and BOOM energy. I'm still trying to come down.", "link_id": "t3_eqn02y", "time": 1579385056}}
{"fetwm94": {"text": "Haven't done it, dont have experience, just here to say that it is (still around)!", "link_id": "t3_eqi2e5", "time": 1579380777}}
{"fetv4xs": {"text": "This is what this diagnosis meant to me. All wrapped in a nearly fashioned fortune cookie.", "link_id": "t3_eqieof", "time": 1579380353}}
{"fetldfp": {"text": "I know theres nothing I can say to help things, but I'm rooting for you!! Plus, cleaning a room is SUCH an achievement when you're depressed. 2 months going and mines still a mess, so I'm inspired. But seriously. Rooting for you.", "link_id": "t3_eq9s5x", "time": 1579376550}}
{"fetk83y": {"text": "Tell me that again. I'd finally been able to get some work done after a month and half of not being able to do anything, aside from some reading here and there, and I thought 'yes, is my depression lifting? This is the person I'm meant to be! Here I go!' And i did a large volume of work! And i did it again. And again. And it was going. Cue the talkativeness. The oversocialness. The jumpiness. The seeing things moving, when they're not. The sensitivity to noise. The hearing music coming in like ZOOM - a freight truck! In one moment, and out the next. Smelling things awake that I dreamed about, and that were not there. The energy. And, meanwhile, the lack of sleep. This culminated in me breaking down in hysterics to my friends in a cafe. They thought I broke down from stress over my work, little did they know it was that and me feeling the effects of my hypomania. I've slept over 12 hours the past 2 days, and I feel like I'm coming back from a hangover. It was short but ohhhh was it felt. All this to say, I feel like I'll never know who I am. It always escalates TOO quickly. Thankfully, I FORCED this episode to stop before it got bad, but it still was a lot even then, just on my body. And I just thought I was coming out of my depression, finally able to work. Its tough", "link_id": "t3_eqih2j", "time": 1579376272}}
{"fet0drf": {"text": "As someone who's experienced severe trauma, I agree. Depression is trauma. Sometimes, mania feels like trauma to me too (the lack of sleep sure is). Even in the smaller instances.Two days ago, I broke down in front of my friends in hysterics because I'd gotten about 12 hours of sleep that entire week. I felt suffocated by the fact that I couldn't get my body to rest, and to actually do a lot of academic work that's due very very soon. I felt exhilarated, and scared, by the fact that I was finally able to start doing said work at rapid speed after a month and a half of not being able to do anything (depression), and then the wheels started turning and I felt myself losing control, and felt helpless at the loss of focus and inability to do work well or focus at all that sets in with hypomania after a bit. All together, I felt traumatized by the lack of CONTROL this whole episode gave me, and so quickly.A large component of trauma, is the helplessness and the control it steals from its victims, among other aspects. It's a terrible disorder. Wishing you, and everyone else here, well.", "link_id": "t3_eqb1wd", "time": 1579370666}}
{"fesva39": {"text": "Exactly! Lol, it just puts my mind at ease.", "link_id": "t3_eqft3r", "time": 1579369360}}
{"ferkxk1": {"text": "I use Daylio *and* eMoods! Daylio's great for when you need something quick, and eMoods is more extensive and more tuned for people with bipolar, with even our a lot of our meds pre-written in and everything.", "link_id": "t3_eqft3r", "time": 1579355241}}
{"ferkmwr": {"text": "Since you're on a mood stabilizer, that could be 'muting' your symptoms, in regards to sleep and length of episodes. Your chronic pain would make sense, affecting how the sleep shows too. Additionally, no 2 bipolars are alike, and that doesn't mean your bipolar is any less valid or serious. Lots of bipolar people are rapid-cyclers, and cycling so quickly means you don't get to get to that point of longer episodes.Also, decreased sleep is only one symptom of bipolar. 4-5 hours is still not a lot, and if you still show the other symptoms, I don't see why you still wouldn't be? I'm sure you're excellent psychiatrist reasoned this too. Human genetics and human psychiatric expression is SO varied and complex, it doesn't fit into the neat lil boxes that DSM-5 dictates to just try to put some order and trends on the things. Just cuz most people fit into some boxes, doesn't mean all will. Don't beat yourself up about not 'fitting in.' There's more than enough to deal with, with this disorder. You're in good company. Your family might never understand the severity of your disorder, and that's not okay, but it might make more sense to work with a therapist on requiring their validation less. People who don't go through what we go through, don't get it. And, they base their ideas on TV representations (or the most severe cases) of the disorder, and don't validate the severity and heart-wrenching effects of all other forms of the disorder. It hurts, but its how it is. You can try to educate them, but I think where your efforts are best spent are validating your pain to yourself. Hey, I get it. Partially, at least. I feel bad, being here in  because, technically, my diagnosis is BP1 though I want it re-confirmed. It's just that the only 'on the books' diagnosis I've been given is a quick, 5-minute thing that didn't go through histories or checklists or anything -- and if I did, I'm pretty sure I half-lied through most of it, cuz it took me really looking through what I used to do to realize 'what, that's what that was?' -- to get slapped with BP2. And that's mostly cuz I feel like an imposter to be labelled BP1, cuz I don't feel like how I 'present' is the same as a lot of people's experiences, or how people envision BP1 to be like. But, at the end of the day, that's what I have. And, at the end of the day, BP2 is what you have. It's what it is. Sorry for the ramble.", "link_id": "t3_eqfkcg", "time": 1579355120}}
{"ferh566": {"text": "I totally get it. It's hard for me to be honest to myself about things I've gone through, let alone to another professional I'm afraid will 'judge' me for it. The first time I was hospitalized, I was so lucid I accidentally admitted to one thing that could've hinted at bipolar (finishing 2 months worth of work in 2 weeks; looking back on it, it's comical the way the attending assistant paused and went 'ummm...just give me a minute' when I said that, and went and fetched his superior). I said no to anything else, even when it registered, because I wasn't being honest with myself or remembering clearly. Even my mom said no when they asked about family history. When I asked my mom what they took of my old outbursts, she said she didn't mention them. 'She didn't think of them like that.' Go figure.", "link_id": "t3_eq04ka", "time": 1579353795}}
{"fenujpt": {"text": "I just did a refresher and, again sorry, didn't realize how the dosage of risperidone works (barely looked at the script he wrote me). Let me stop recommending things, lol. I'm wishing you luck, friend. I know someone mentioned benzos; maybe if you get ahead of it quick enough, you can stop before it starts getting addictive, of course that's not how addiction works.", "link_id": "t3_eq3enh", "time": 1579291000}}
{"fenm4n5": {"text": "Ahh, okay. That makes sense, sorry, didn't think that you might've tried it already. Not sure man :/ My doc actually prescribed Risperidone to me cuz I wasn't sleeping and getting hypomanic, but it's started to die down before I filled it. Did you let your doc know? They might up it?", "link_id": "t3_eq3enh", "time": 1579287628}}
{"fenjr04": {"text": "I've also heard of docs prescribing Trazadone to help people sleep if they can't sleep. And, there's always good ol' (sucky) Seroquel.", "link_id": "t3_eq3enh", "time": 1579286184}}
{"fenjk2e": {"text": "I'm naturally sensitive to certain sounds, so you can imagine how I get. Somehow, it adds a dimension in episodes. Any sound literally feels like my ears are about to fall off.I remember, a couple of nights ago, I had a dream where I was on the bus, and I woke up from the dream; immediately, I smelled the bus. Keep in mind, I'm at home, which smells like nothing. For five minutes straight, after waking up, I smelled \"bus\": that putrid smell of urine, stale, possibly 'old food' infused. I could barely go back to sleep. Senses get weird in episodes.", "link_id": "t3_eq2b42", "time": 1579286063}}
{"fenisd8": {"text": "I wish I could say something, anything to make you feel better. I'm not in the working world, in fact I'm just 22, 22F to be specific. I'm in college and struggling a lot with finishing. The most understanding college professor has been one who revealed to class one day she has a bipolar brother. It made it so much easier to confess to her I have bipolar, in secret. Fast forward, she's been the most willing to work with me, check in how I'm doing. Like u/SquishJellyfish said, only people who know or can empathize with what we go through, get it, and that's NOT okay. All I can say is, I can't possibly know what you're going through right now, but the only direction from here is up. Can they clarify, in a better report, why they fired you? They owe you that much. If not, and you documented that you revealed your disorder...you know where I'm going with this. (Hate to bring it to that, but if you're saying everything is as it is, sounds pretty unfair to me.)", "link_id": "t3_eq402r", "time": 1579285593}}
{"fenhq53": {"text": "Thank you :)", "link_id": "t3_eq091l", "time": 1579284936}}
{"fen48tf": {"text": "It's so hard to do! This past week was exhausting, like I said. I'm happy to hear that you've overcome a really difficult depressive episode (and sorry to hear you went through one). You really can only go up from those if you can get out of them. You're right, it takes an extra kinda strength to have to deal with this back and forth, day in day out, like clockwork. I'm so glad I'm here, for that very reason! Nah, you've imparted some wisdom on me today :) I really want to work on figuring out how I 'work,' so I can keep going on like this. I live in less fear this way that the disorder's gonna take over me every single time.", "link_id": "t3_eq091l", "time": 1579276622}}
{"femx6lf": {"text": "It really is a process. I like your way of thinking of it: it really gives us control back of a disorder that takes its control from us more often than not, in loads of ways. I really want to get to a point of management, as a lifestyle, in the ways you listed -- not just in medicine, but in actual coping, or, not coping, but just...I don't know, living? I can't explain it as best as you did. Like you said, learning how I work is key. I agree too, it's so helpful talking to somebody who has distance but you can share everything with and has the tools to wade through all of your experiences with you, so you can both come up with a care plan together, or discover why something's happening. It does wonders. Wow, you have a beautiful outlook on life, to say that about things you've lived through that might've been difficult. Turning everything situation into a positive is the name of the game, because you sure learn a lot of new things with the hardships this disorder offers. But, it's not a lump sum game, because if you can learn to roll with the punches of it, you can learn to maximize those unique (and enlightening?) perspectives you get from this situation and minimize the off ones.", "link_id": "t3_eq091l", "time": 1579271939}}
{"femstgo": {"text": "Wow, thank you! It doesn't feel like a job well done, but you putting it in that perspective, it makes sense why I feel exhausted. Not just dealing with the episode itself but trying to come down somehow. Though, I also never thought of the possibility that it might just be a 'better' day, or another one could come soon, which I guess I should keep my eye out for.Even, through my 12-hours long sleep, I still woke up throughout the night and had to fight the urge to just obsess over the computer all night long. I settled with responding to some friends' messages from 8PM that I missed from sleeping at 7PM. I didn't think of that, that the breakdown might not be an indicator of something wrong, but just my body feeling more comfortable and safe. It's hard to not pathologize (is that the word?) everything you do with this disorder. I am young! Or, young enough I guess! 22F. Which means, good they caught it young, but still, many more years to go with dealing with it. I sure hope it gets easier over time.", "link_id": "t3_eq091l", "time": 1579268604}}
{"femo28c": {"text": "Aww, thanks for reading/commenting! \\^\\_\\^", "link_id": "t3_enby9m", "time": 1579264301}}
{"fej0gb5": {"text": "I guess I never thought of it that way. I know it's a spectrum in terms of cyclothymia, BPNOS, BP2, etc., but never thought there could be a spectrum within BP1 itself as well. Though, I feel like without those psychotic symptoms, I could be considered a milder case! But, you're right, the bottom line is treatment. Thankfully, I'm trying with my doctor and going to therapy, even though I still feel these doubts deep down.", "link_id": "t3_ep1vb2", "time": 1579152513}}
{"fei9e8r": {"text": "I guess sometimes I don't feel I'm bipolar at all, but that might be a stretch lol. I don't feel I'm bipolar 1, but some comments on  pointed a bit otherwise in people's thoughts.", "link_id": "t3_ep1vb2", "time": 1579133226}}
{"fegwpj8": {"text": "It really is! It almost feels surreal to say, 'yes, this is my life.' But, you're right, this is my life and denying it won't solve anything. I don't know why it's so hard to accept it. I'm definitely not stable now, and getting stable is the goal. I guess, if this is my lot in life, your right in that it's much better to find out sooner than later. Thanks for giving me that perspective. I'm really gonna hold that promise to the test.", "link_id": "t3_ep1s9y", "time": 1579104226}}
{"fegsarn": {"text": "Ahh, that makes sense, They all did happen at times of severe stress, I'd say. Steam-punkish? That's an interesting way to describe it! I love steam punk, but I think hallucinations like that would scare me. And, all right! I didn't think they were severe (or even moderate) but was wondering about them. Thanks for replying!", "link_id": "t3_ep1wpx", "time": 1579101375}}
{"feggwor": {"text": "Damn. I was hoping that meant I was edging out.", "link_id": "t3_ep0xw8", "time": 1579092374}}
{"feeam62": {"text": "Damn, thank you so much for sharing and going into so much detail. That sounds so painful. It doesn't sound crazy at all, it sounds like what we're going through. I'm nowhere near there right now, but once upon a time, that firing, that rage, that fake equilibrium....I've been there.", "link_id": "t3_ensken", "time": 1579029824}}
{"feeaeyv": {"text": "Shoot, not a very subtle case, is it? :/ I've calmed down a bit since then, lol", "link_id": "t3_enpeap", "time": 1579029706}}
{"feeacmy": {"text": "Shit, I feel. My dream made me check for rats everywhere, where I knew there were none. It's also an extra kinda fear to get disrespect thrown at people you love, an extra kinda anger rises :(", "link_id": "t3_eo4e0y", "time": 1579029669}}
{"fe9urtm": {"text": "Lol, that's fair that's fair. They really are wild though...makes me wonder what I could've seen in the week to cause that!", "link_id": "t3_eo4e0y", "time": 1578941650}}
{"fe91krg": {"text": "That was my first sign! my first fear was that first dream, honestly. I brushed it off, but I should've seen it coming. I was able to get 5-5.5 hours of sleep last night, tho, so maybe this is just a blip.", "link_id": "t3_eo4e0y", "time": 1578933224}}
{"fe8jx1w": {"text": "Thank you, that's really fair to remember, just like not all depressive and hypo/manic episodes are the same, not all mixed episodes are the same either. Thank you! If I can at least get that much every night, hopefully I can keep things from teetering too hard.", "link_id": "t3_ensken", "time": 1578926976}}
{"fe8b5uf": {"text": "Ahhh, I never knew about that! Thanks for letting me know. All of these 'mixed' options get confusing. That scares me, since I hate what mixed episodes can become, so I'm definitely letting my doc know stat. (Though, I did finally get 5-5.5ish hours of sleep last night....progress, maybe?)", "link_id": "t3_ensken", "time": 1578924385}}
{"fe8anz7": {"text": "Like, up to down? Or the working functions of your brain? I've never dealt with this before, so I don't know how to describe it!", "link_id": "t3_ensken", "time": 1578924287}}
{"fe60q07": {"text": "Thank you! I've never figured I had that, given I'm not really great with catching my episodes and dealing with them (manic or depressive), before it's too late. That's true....I'm already starting to feel that issue with focus, which really isnt a good sign, that its already breaking down. And that's true, I'd hate to have a crash or get high energy dysphoria -- i can only imagine the horror now. I've had it once before and quit my summer job over it. Thank you so much for the luck, the advice and the encouragement! Hopefully when I meet with my docs, we can figure out a game plan.", "link_id": "t3_enpeap", "time": 1578879187}}
{"fe60696": {"text": "That could be it...I know there was mention of dysphoric mania too. I've never cycled like this before.", "link_id": "t3_ensken", "time": 1578878836}}
{"fe5tuwv": {"text": "Thanks for clarifying!", "link_id": "t3_enpeap", "time": 1578874812}}
{"fe5q11w": {"text": "Thanks for being level with me. Sometimes, it just helps to have someone virtually sit you down and confirm what you don't want to hear. I really appreciate the recs for a routine for insomnia, since I don't know how that might help, but it can't hurt, I guess, for hypomania? It does seem like that's where it's headed tho...:/ It feels fast somehow. I already feel jumpy, and I'm getting that tingly restlessness in my bones at times, like there's energy to be had. I'm currently studying with a friend, and I just got a burst and said I wish I could go dancing! I had to outstretch my hands to keep from bursting. And, I guess the focus is another bad flag, though it's been inconsistent; I couldn't read productively for 6 hours today (not cuz I was tired, but was obsessing over Reddit, posts, and searching about rollerblades instead). Now I'm with my friend though, it's a little easier to do it, and I'm getting somewhere again. I'm definitely gonna look up sleep hygiene, and I'm meeting with my psychologist and psychiatrist on Tuesday. It's just tempting because, I have a shit ton of work with a deadline of Feb 3rd, so it's tempting to lean into that hypomania a bit, but I don't know how to pull back. And that's not healthy. I can't risk it getting worse.", "link_id": "t3_enpeap", "time": 1578872920}}
{"fe57zmt": {"text": "Yup! Hehe, it really does feel that way. I will check it out! Thanks for the rec! That email report part is a really good perk, I'm gonna try to use that with my doc!", "link_id": "t3_enp9hc", "time": 1578866422}}
{"fe573ab": {"text": "&lt;3 Thank you so much for this. It honestly is such a struggle, EVERY day, all of the works. But yet, like you said, we still push. I really appreciate you responding :)", "link_id": "t3_enpz4d", "time": 1578866222}}
{"fe56qct": {"text": "It's weird since, I remember a time where I had that, but it didn't feel like this! But, maybe the experiences can change each time, I guess. I'll have a look at those symptoms again. Thanks for replying!", "link_id": "t3_ensdvn", "time": 1578866106}}
{"fe4l5ve": {"text": "Hehe, thanks for helping me see that. That's the more rational take on it. I'm pointing myself out!I feel I've been desperately seeking advice as well, but from the sounds if it, it might not all be from depression. Either way, I'll try to feel less guilty about it :P", "link_id": "t3_enpz4d", "time": 1578860492}}
{"fe49rn4": {"text": "Thank you for sharing, and commenting!! I definitely feel you about overmedicating. I'm thankful my doc is really not about that, because my first hospitalization, I was overmedicated and even had an allergic reaction to one of the meds. Not. Fun. Thank you so much for letting me know what's been helping you! I know nothing's an easy fix, but even a lil help goes a long way. I'm sure the Seroquel, just in case, is helpful on the mind too. I dont wish this on anyone, but it helps knowing others are going through what I am. And I agree about that holistic approach -- I dont think I'm at the point where I can ever be off meds, but holistic health sure helps (physical, spiritual, mental), all around!", "link_id": "t3_enp9hc", "time": 1578857130}}
{"fe48jzc": {"text": "Ahh, damn. Thanks for responding. I can empathize, right now for sure.", "link_id": "t3_enp9hc", "time": 1578856808}}
{"fe48ccj": {"text": "Hehe, I'm still not clear on it, but I think  is a larger community that's more closely monitored. One might be slightly older. For example, half the reason I double post is cuz I'm a new account and csnt automatically upload without mod approval for 30 days. If anyone else knows more, please add!", "link_id": "t3_enpeap", "time": 1578856739}}
{"fe41ocd": {"text": "Hehe, no, it's all good! Maybe...has anything helped you to sleep? That's something that'd really be helpful, if you have any tips! If it really is just the good ol' Trazadone, looks like I'll need to ask my doc for a 'script.", "link_id": "t3_enpeap", "time": 1578854936}}
{"fe41ea5": {"text": "\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02I know right?? I can't graph 'lurk activity' but now it'll get a LOT easier to tell where I'm at on my cycles! (Might finally work too, cuz I fell off of mood journaling for a while. Of course, kicked it up again just today, and backlogged a bunch!)", "link_id": "t3_enpz4d", "time": 1578854853}}
{"fe4165w": {"text": "Right?! Maybe it's average me being a lil more depressed than 'happy', but I genuinely don't get excited about much! Interested, sure, but excited? No! Especially not to the point of obsession. Mine have gone away with medications in the past too (except for this one time it broke through), but this time it's not. Also going through a med change, and not at therapeutic dose yet, so that's not helping things. Sigh. Looks like it'll be the bounce for a while for me.", "link_id": "t3_enpz4d", "time": 1578854776}}
{"fe40ci4": {"text": "That's a really positive, wholesome way of looking at it. I guess journaling isn't always stress-free, even if helpful! I'm gonna try to take that approach instead of getting in over myself over them.", "link_id": "t3_enpz4d", "time": 1578854592}}
{"fe3zp3k": {"text": "Thank you for responding. You're definitely right....this honestly sucks. It really does feel like it was my light coming at the end of the tunnel, but it's just a wormhole sucking me in to spit me out after. Well. Hopefully I won't get to that point, but still. I'm definitely meeting with my psychiatrist and psychologist and telling them. I meet with my psychiatrist this Tuesday cuz of a recent med change I've made, and my psychologist same day regularly as planned. I'm already starting to feel jumpy. I'm seeing things move, and I know they're not moving. I HATE this. I feel like these later feelings are coming suddenly, or maybe it's my fear feeding into it? I don't know.", "link_id": "t3_enp9hc", "time": 1578854398}}
{"fe3z0a3": {"text": "I'm wishing you well on the sleep clinic! That's what I was fearing, really fearing. I'm going to start noting everything that I'm starting to notice and feel and make sure I tell my PillDoc and my psychologist. Ironically, I just switched my meds (but the changes started before switching them, so I think it would've happened regardless). I'm definitely gonna try to stay on, but I'm not sure if the med change could be making/eventually make things worse.", "link_id": "t3_enp9hc", "time": 1578854161}}
{"fe3phon": {"text": "Sorry, might be oversharing again, hehe. Thanks for responding.", "link_id": "t3_enpeap", "time": 1578851651}}
{"fe3n648": {"text": "Drats. I'm starting to feel a tingling in my skin as we speak, so ya may be onto something there. Just...a restlessness. It's making it difficult to work.", "link_id": "t3_enpeap", "time": 1578850856}}
{"fe2v0k5": {"text": "Ahh, I see...the Maxxum's are potentially in the running then (once I get those dang measurements -- I got home too late and the shoe store by me closed), but still might make more sense to go for a wider foot in general. Thank you, again, for breaking down those size comparisons boot by boot to each other! That's awesome to hear that the Twister 80s are riding so well for you, and the price was right (which I'm desperately wishing for). Sounds like you really made sure it was a 'make sense' buy though, for your particular feet, which is the way to go about it. I can't wait to get these measurements so I can know! The Maxxums I was looking at only go up to size 10 (and the colors for womens are unsightly to me), but considering what you said about how women's skates sometimes fit narrower than men's skates, and Rollerblade generally running narrower on scale, I might just have to give up on those as quickly as I thought of them.", "link_id": "t3_en77y3", "time": 1578843140}}
{"fdxnu46": {"text": "Wow, thank you so much for taking the time to give so much info, and in such depth! I feel in over my head here, hehe, but I need to get things settled.That's good to know about the boot, and the likelihood of it fitting. I'll make sure to get properly measured and go along with sizing guides once I do that.Thank you so much for also breaking down the size differences by foot basis! This will make conversions a lot easier, now that I know what to expect and how to scale it. I might look more for men's/unisex skates to be on the safe side.I'll look more into the RB Cruisers. I was also wondering if the Maxxum 84's could work? I found them at a reduced price from Modell's online (I know, I know, big chain store, but the brand doesn't change?), and if I get my proper sizing, I could guess better what size would work.I'm primarily using these skates for fitness skating -- no tricks or nothing like that -- but want something durable and comfortable that'll last. I want to eventually get into distance skating and would prefer reducing the number of purchases I have to make overall along my journey.&amp;#x200B;ETA: Also, how are you liking your Twister 80s and how'd you decide on them? I gotta ask! :P", "link_id": "t3_en77y3", "time": 1578771013}}
{"fdw72ad": {"text": "Wow, thanks so much!! I'll contact them about it, just to make sure if I'm making a fair enough decision sizing wise. I'll heed your words of advice on the (lack of) correlation with normal shoe sizing as well. Thanks for the recs, too!! I'm gonna look into those, and maybe hope for a sale lol", "link_id": "t3_en77y3", "time": 1578755753}}
{"fdvsgbz": {"text": "Thanks for replying!! The Twisters seem to be in good shape...I can link a pic very quickly. I plan to head over to my local shoe store to get my proper measurements! On the shell vs. liner size, does that mean it's better for the liner to fit a lil snug at first? I'm normally a size women's 11, but the skates size on the box says men's 9.5. I was thinking that could convert? I might be off tho. Getting those measurements would help a lot. Hmmm...I once wore a wide sized foot years ago, but I don't know if that was a brand thing. I'd say, on average I'm a pretty average foot (hopefully not underestimating here). I might look into the RB80 for that then. I'm 5\"8! Hopefully that doesn't make the 76mm frame too short for me....Hehe, thank you! That gives me lots of hope! One day, I dream to join that set of skaters! Ahhh, thanks for the PS on the frame and wheels....might be better to go with a skate that has a fair set of wheels to start. I don't want to ask too much of you, but I wasn't sure if you had other recommendations, based on consideration of the wheel and the price point I'm looking at (Definitely sub-$200, preferably $100-$150)?", "link_id": "t3_en77y3", "time": 1578751046}}
{"fdsveoq": {"text": "Just wanna say, congratulations on making it this far! I'm only a year younger than you (maybe even less), and I've been reflecting today and feeling the same way. 16yo me was markedly depressed and suicidal ALL THE TIME. I'm so proud of you for picking back up the pieces over time and 'Somewhere Along the Way' ( ;) ) getting stable enough to take on so much and give back to your loved ones. I can't wait to read the poetry, but all I can say is keep going with writing (it does wonders) and keep going on life :)", "link_id": "t3_emwpf8", "time": 1578708444}}
{"fdstlpn": {"text": "Ohhh, wow, I'm happy you found out what's going on! That's lucky you can find em for cheap, healthcare is such a crapshoot these days. That's so interesting it's also linked to mood disorders....there's so much research that needs to be done about how our physical and psychologic parts of our bodies are linked....that psychosomatic effect. Hehe, thank you! It really does :( But, I hold hope! A lil more hope than this whole bipolar thing, which I also still hold hope for :)", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578707775}}
{"fdrno8m": {"text": "Oh no!! I hope the allergist can help you figure that out, that's no fun. Currently going through something similar with gluten, so I feel ya.", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578687095}}
{"fdonhii": {"text": "Hehe, I LOVE analogies. Especially when my brain gets a lil kooky in an episode :/ lol. They do help in explaining things, a lot. Happy my analogy and rooting could be of any use :)Hehe, I did the same thing with mine! Or, moreso, my psychologist...it was part of my explanation for why I didn't want to try meds the first time around, but that slowly shifted towards your frame of thinking now. I don't think it's a bad place to be, honestly. Psychiatry is another tool, amongst other tools, we can use to try to figure ourselves out to live meaningful lives. It's not an absolute, no matter what anyone says -- to me, anyway. And, I'm sure that's understood!", "link_id": "t3_emcsge", "time": 1578608750}}
{"fdok26p": {"text": "Of course! Hey, I've been there. Definitely not as drastic a switch up, but I got fucked up the first time I was diagnosed with major depression, then even worse when that changed to BP2. Then, it got bumped up to BP1, and has stayed there with every professional I've seen (minus 1, who says I'm 'in the middle' -- still gotta figure out what that means), who I was actually honest with my symptoms to. (Not saying you weren't, btw, just saying my experience). It's been a trip. I definitely get your analogy! For me, all the lights are off in the 'house' I've been living in my whole life, and I've been trying to get through finding all the rooms and a way to live without night vision. It's frustrating. I can't imagine being told tomorrow that everything I've believed for a year and a half, and re-rationalized in my brain, was wrong, so I really do feel for you. Diagnoses don't define who we are at all, but they can help a bit in figuring out what we need to do. Not necessary a well designed map, but more like a compass, maybe. I also hate to give that necessary warning (that's been given to me), but a lot of psychiatry is also shot in the dark guesses, and not even the specialists always have the answers as to what's going on with us, or their diagnoses can be a lil off. But, if they nail most of it, that's what counts. I'm not necessarily telling you to trust the process even -- having questions and some second guessing leads to answers too -- but more so, to be open to the fact that the road might get harder, but will continue. And gradually, the pieces of you will settle together and the puzzle will be solved. Ah, that's good! It's definitely best to work with someone who feels comfortable tweaking things and has experience with that sorta thing, specifically with psychiatric/mental disorders. I'm about to undergo a med change myself (let's hope it goes well for both of us!) And, I love docs that exercise minimalism in medication management. Of course, if you need 7 different pills to survive, you need 7 different pills to survive, but at some point between the side effects, counter interactions, and all that....a lot of times, less meds can be the key too. I'm glad he's open to that instead of doing what seems 'easier'. That's fair that's fair, sounds like the first session was an initial evaluation more than anything else. I do think you should let him know since lasting withdrawals or side effects from abrupt removal can mess with how well the start of new meds (or, your continuing withdrawal from the other 2) can go. I'm rooting for you!!", "link_id": "t3_emcsge", "time": 1578606723}}
{"fdo6rwh": {"text": "I can't say I have much for advice, but just want to let you know I hear you, OP, and sending best wishes. This news can be rattling, and no one ever talks about how rattling a re-diagnosis is compared to the first diagnosis. I agree with the other poster saying that, you can't change what happened in the past, and you shouldn't blame yourself for things you genuinely don't think you were in control of doing. Ya, your doc is right that 'personal responsibility' comes into play and all that jazz, but when you're new to so many changes happening, and when you genuinely can't explain what's going on with you, it's a little hard to rely on that. And you're not supposed to. You can only try your best to do better with what you know and can cope with now. Plus, the doc still thinks there's some disorder influencing your behavior, so that's not out the nest yet.I think, I would press on him to see what he's thinking, but also understand that diagnoses -- when done right -- sometimes have to take time. You just met him, and BP unfortunately shares symptoms with multiple disorders, so figuring out which exact one might take a bit. Sounds like the most immediate thing you need is for your med management, or really to figure out what's going on there, since you were abruptly (and disrespectfully, in my opinion, geez!) removed from your previous source. Did the psychiatrist say anything about that? Sorry about you getting dear john'ed. I'm happy you found such a good connection w/a therapist who genuinely cares.", "link_id": "t3_emcsge", "time": 1578599877}}
{"fdo2e7r": {"text": "Ah, looks like we have! Half of the issue for me is I don't even realize I'm in a manic episode until I'm approaching full speed, then *everyone* wants me to be hospitalized, or I end up doing something major (quitting my job, risking harm in some way, etc.). Not good. The depressions are awful to deal with, but a little easier to 'cope' with due to having more experience with them overall I think, though I'd never prefer them. I know, it's a lose-lose situation, lol. Wow, those are pretty specific coping mechs that don't transfer so easily, especially to depressive cycles. I agree, I can't 'give in' to my depression (can't really to mania either just yet, but I can 'ride' that one out a lil bit easier if there's some leaning in), it just makes things worse. It's almost like you have to do that opposite, which is so hard when depressed. It's weird with mania, sometimes an outlet for all of that energy is what you need, but it's easier to put eggs into a basket than to create eggs out of an empty basket, which coping mechs for depression demand. That piece on the hypersexuality is a BIG thing, and I'm happy that that method of coping is helping out with curbing that. My old psych said to check in with myself always and ask, 'do I need this? Why I'm I going out for this hookup?' and try to mentally check in, break through the impulse and the flight of things and do it. Hopefully, it won't be so hard to do one day, and I've definitely skipped straight to the hookup despite that 'check-in' (if I remember it) when things get bad, but it puts things in perspective. Hehe, we are handling it pretty similarly, I feel. Writing, web surfing, isolating a lil bit to minimize the people factor all minimize damage a lil bit for me. Of course! I'll check in :) Maybe with a PM, if thats okay. I'd love to learn new ways to cope, or just share with someone who also knows what it's like. I agree, knowing you're not alone, and someone else is trying to get through it, really does help. Also gives me hope since that means, someone else is getting through it! Day by day, you're making it work, which means I've got some hope to make it too. It's motivating.", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578597631}}
{"fdo0lkh": {"text": "\"You probably won't have every symptom and you won't notice every symptom that you have.\"  -- I always forget that part, every time. Lots of things seemed normal to me for a while, and it took years to realize, wait, NO, that's not normal. As I learn more about my illness, I'm sure those symptoms, I'll be able to notice them more, or maybe I never will and that's okay. But you're right, even if I don't have it, that doesn't mean I don't have the other symptoms. Thank you for reassuring me. I was getting nervous (maybe a little hopeful), even now, that there was something different happening.", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578596653}}
{"fdnlnt3": {"text": "Thank you for that encouragement :) That right cocktail really is key, and I'm taking some time off to get stable. It's nice to hear I'm not the only one who took a little extra time!", "link_id": "t3_embqzi", "time": 1578588391}}
{"fdnl2cw": {"text": "Congrats!! As someone who's taking a lot longer in undergrad than she'd like, you're an inspiration!", "link_id": "t3_embqzi", "time": 1578588040}}
{"fdnkw9p": {"text": "Hehe, no no, no worries! It doesn't sound like ranting or rambling to me actually :) sounds like someone who's going through a lot of what I'm going through! My psychologist always tells me, 'Psychedelic, that's the depression talking' when I imply that my tomorrow's gonna suck because today sucked. Same when I'm really self-critical of myself. I've started to realize that patterns really start from that one thought (something CBT-related? I can't remember), and that spiral easily happens when you don't counteract that first negative thought. Don't know how to spin that into a constructive habit hehe (and applies more to depressive episodes than manic, imo), but when I do, I'll send ya a message. We give ourselves a lot less credit for things that we would celebrate if a close friend or even a stranger managed to do. It's human nature. But, reminding yourself that things have been/can be a lot worse, and therefore you ARE doing better, really helps. I couldn't read a page of academic work for 5 weeks, and yesterday I got through 170 pages just outta the blue. Little things like that -- whether they're freaks of nature or not -- help me remember that just cuz today or yesterday sucked, doesn't mean tomorrow will. It's SO hard to remember though. Do you have any constructive methods for the 'less' damaging symptoms that you could transfer into the more damaging ones?", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578587941}}
{"fdnegyd": {"text": "Hey, it's like they say, breakfast comes before lunch! There's this Norwegian show called SKAM that I was obsessed with a few minutes ago, and the love interest of the main character in the 3rd season had bipolar. The main character told him they'd take it day by day, hour by hour, and when it was needed, minute by minute. That's stuck with me. If it takes thinking through breakfast to get to lunch....nothing wrong with that. (Also telling all this to myself, as I wait for those spurts to come too)Of course! Thank you so much for responding and sharing so much of your experience and your optimism with me. I really appreciated it and needed it too. A good ol' rant and ramble comes in handy when you've got fears on how things will be :)", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578584073}}
{"fdnd0e7": {"text": "Sigh....well, at least that's one way I can say I'm 'normal' lol. :/ Thanks for replying!", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578583165}}
{"fdnbvv5": {"text": "Hehe, you're too kind! Wow, some real parallels here. A bad manic episode didn't signal me basically being kicked out of school (thrown on 'leave', to then have my fin aid revoked), but my dean was a lot more willing to start that process after my manic episode, as short-lived as it was. Love when that happens. I totally feel you on the 'going back' aspect after everyone has seen you exposed. It leaves you vulnerable, and gives people ammunition who really don't understand mental health and especially bipolar enough. I can't imagine what losing your income and dealing with the weight of that must have been -- must be. You're seriously strong getting through all that and being so hopeful for the next day (hope that isn't being wasted :) )I always wonder, what are these constructive ways?? I'd love to find them! Sadly not ahead of the curve yet in that way. Writing does help, even if most of it is gibberish. I definitely also feel that, 'what's the point?' I'm thankfully starting to lift a bit from that pattern, but it's so hard. Especially when, the wind can get knocked out of you at any minute even once you finally hike up that impossible mountain to the summit that's called 'normal'. A wisp can throw you off, but you're tumbling hard on the terrain on the way down. And, it's easy to convince yourself things aren't so terrible, until they are. That's why I haven't finished any of my coursework, lol. Still hopeful things are looking up though. It's really hard when times get like this and we only have the psychological energy to breathe or blink sometimes, but even if you can achieve that versus, well, the alternative, that's something we have to pat ourselves on the backs for too, when things get tough. And everything we do past that, another pat. I know it's difficult when you feel like you can be doing so much more, but I like reframing things into 'I'm doing so much more *now* than I was then/yesterday/a month ago' etc. And it helps. Hehe, I feel that optimism!! It's realistic, but still with a tinge of hope :) I'm begging for at least those spurts, and maybe one day those spurts will get longer. Hang in there!! We got this!!", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578582444}}
{"fdnasl7": {"text": "Hehe, wise to do, wise to do! Thank you. I really have the hope that I'll get there, someday sooner rather than later. It's painful otherwise. But, I know it takes hard work and getting my hands dirty to do it.", "link_id": "t3_em8o5x", "time": 1578581736}}
{"fdn8p2s": {"text": "Thank you for replying! Hmmm...that's hard when people may be first diagnosed due to a hospitalization, and the diagnosis starts at least at BP2 or something else...ugh. I hate all these criteria. I have been hospitalized though, so I'll go with that. And, you're right, treatment is the highest priority and it IS serious either way. Knowing doesn't change that. Hehe, sadly! You have no idea! (Or, actually, you probably do lol)", "link_id": "t3_em7b7k", "time": 1578580263}}
{"fdn8dt3": {"text": "Of course! I'm in the same position, lol. It SUCKS. (Thanks for replying on my other q/post too! I really appreciate it :) )Hmmmm, that might be what's happening for me. I just don't recognize it's happening. But, the actions can't lie, I guess, and that for sure is happening. I've been there!! My manias have become less 'angry' lately, but for years, they were just....rage. My other post helped me figure that out more, and conclude that's likely what that was. I feared going out to fear people, cuz I'd easily start a fight, writing a check I can't cash, so to speak. I thought everyone around me hated me and was laughing at me somehow. Thought I was pathetic. It made it hard to trust people during those times. Now, I just imagine strangers want to fight or kill me when I get to that point. I'm sorry you've struggled with loved ones and close friends when this happens -- hypersexuality is a KILLER. I'm pretty lucky in that my family and friends have stuck by me (so I guess I haven't fucked things up too badly yet), and the hypersexuality has only more recently had a slight uptick, but still within 'normal' bounds. It shows in other ways that are more manageable to deal with. Oof, that school experience, can relate to it SO hard. Once a psych (while I was still undiagnosed, of course) gave me heavy quick release klonopin to 'deal' with it, and I zonked outta class, drooling on the table. The prof somehow 'woke' me up, 30 minutes after class. It was over, everyone was gone. That didn't help the paranoia with believing everyone thought I was crazy, one bit. That happened to me in October, the mania coming on fast! No warning signs, left soon as it came, and post hospitalization I was good for maybe...3 weeks? Then cue the start of a depression I'm still in it. It really doesn't get easier. (Sorry, I can talk someone's socks off; I'll try to be more concise in future posts.)", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578580038}}
{"fdn7e1o": {"text": "Wow, I hate to say this cuz, you can't judge a book by its cover and all that, but I'd be suspicious if I was shown the picture you got on first impression w/that doc, lol. And, that is a really good lesson on perspective -- this disorder is so multi-faceted because there are so many ways it's felt, and even though a lot of people fit into the acute situations, many of us also don't and there's grey areas. I'm glad you trusted yourself enough to know your experience wasn't 'wrong' or peculiar, but just that that professional's experiences with patients was more limited. And the language surrounding these conditions, symptoms, conditions for diagnosis, etc. don't make it any easier, that's for sure. I'm really gonna focus on your last point moving forward, though: treatment. My meds (well, med) hasn't been working for me for a while, and I honestly would care a lot less about knowing the exacts in a field that's very inexact, if stuff was working. More good/neutral days sounds like a win at this point.", "link_id": "t3_em8o5x", "time": 1578579309}}
{"fdn5cr3": {"text": "I definitely feel that. For some reason, mine have 'flipped' but back when my episodes were majority anger, I always thought everyone was laughing at me, following me, WATCHING me. It really added to my anxiety for a couple years. The impulsiveness also led to some bad sick times.", "link_id": "t3_em8o5x", "time": 1578577729}}
{"fdn57bn": {"text": "Thank you so much for replying! Your post really gave me some clarity on how to navigate this. I never even thought about the experience with bipolar that each medical prof. had, and whether that was also influencing their thoughts. And, hehe, I really do need to get out of needing that surety, cuz you're right, this is a field that prescribes drugs they don't even exactly know how they work, just that there's results for some (maybe even many) people. It's a losing battle. I'm kicking myself for not asking for more clarification when one doc said 'in the middle'. I'm gonna try to see if I can just get that clarification, to close the topic there. Though, based on what you're talking about, those assumptions wouldn't be wrong. It seems I've had both cycles, and I'm definitely not well and have been struggling with school a lot (currently on another leave). That might be what he meant. Of course, I'll never know without confirming, and going to him is the right way to do it. You're right. I love my psych. I know that doesn't mean anything on her capability, but she's really seen me. I feel I can trust her judgment, so I guess if she also says BP1, I can let the white noise go. &amp;#x200B;Thank you for also sharing your experiences with mania, and clarifying how it doesn't always involve elation. I didn't realize it, but I guess I've been having hypo/manic episodes for longer than I thought, just because I didn't realize it can manifest as rage or anger. The literature on all this stuff ain't the clearest.", "link_id": "t3_em8o5x", "time": 1578577609}}
{"fdn4h5h": {"text": "Thanks for replying! It didn't feel that severe when I was going through it somehow, but I guess once you go through that, that crosses into the 'severe' category .", "link_id": "t3_em8o5x", "time": 1578577017}}
{"fdn4amd": {"text": "Thank you for replying! I thought it was just me! The first time I was hospitalized was for a mixed episode (that had severe depression -- which I recognized -- but not the secondary manic symptoms), and as SOON as I hit the hospital, I spiked into mania. Completely flipped, and took 2 weeks for me to calm down. I definitely relate to the energy for a marathon, and unable to wholly slow my body down and my mind can dissociate as well, just to try to rest (unsuccessfully). I've also always felt weird about things because I don't really get racing thoughts. I've had them once, and it was really palpable that these are thoughts racing, but other times I just do, do, do a lot. But my mind doesn't 'feel' hurried, if that makes sense? I've always doubted my diagnosis a bit because I don't really 'get' that symptom like that.", "link_id": "t3_em91j1", "time": 1578576871}}
{"fdn3xv4": {"text": "Hmmm...thank you for replying! It's weird to realize that the rules are that rigid on cases, but it makes sense.", "link_id": "t3_em8ueb", "time": 1578576575}}
