{"ftqwehc": {"text": "Carbamazepine, worked as a charm for me. And I'm not even on a very high dose. I take it together with a very low dose of quetiapine and so far it works very well. I don't feel numb, if anything I feel more alive then ever, I have motivation, enthusiasm and energy to live my life again and even my anxiety lessened.It took a good few weeks to kick in and stabilise me, but recently I have been feeling really good and really grounded. The side effects were noticeable for the first few weeks, but I are gone now.", "link_id": "t3_h14y4b", "time": 1591916035}}
{"ftqvaox": {"text": "I did. My father committed suicide 6years ago, he was most probably bipolar, we learned that shortly before it was over and let me tell you, his last year was one big episode of madness. Very traumatic. 5 years after that, I was also diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Probably got triggered after the traumatic event.What are you confused about as it's very broad topic to explain all the differences and similarities?", "link_id": "t3_h185fd", "time": 1591915452}}
{"ft99wa1": {"text": "Congratulations! So happy for you and I can relate to your progress story so much! Also started this with my partner but he cannot find the love for running in himself, so I was left alone with it, but I'm very stubborn! Right now I'm at the last week before 5k and I fell in love with running. Like yourself I have been repeating days, taking time off, got through frustration moments and high joyful moments of achievement.At the moment I'm taking a little few days break as my body have been feeling overly tired due to a few factors and reading your progress share was exactly what I needed to read to boost my excitement and hope! I was planning to do 5k tomorrow but due to the break I'll probably repeat the last week again and I started to feel like \"oh man,  is this ever gonna happen for me ?\". You know, doubting myself. So thank you for inspiring me! And congratulations once again, it's a great achievement!", "link_id": "t3_gxx9vt", "time": 1591526551}}
{"fsq6psz": {"text": "What helped me was to find an appropriate program to deal with my fitness level and help me strengthen up and develop better stamina and endurance over time. From my experience, if you feel uncomfortable and out of breath to the point that you feel reluctant to go and continue your training it probably means that you're putting too much stress on the body and it's an easy road to injury or giving up. I was exactly in the same place that you are, and it felt horrible but I was stubborn. At some point I decided to do a running program, intertwine walking with running/jogging and build my body up this way. If you're doing it for weight loss, as I did, it will still be very beneficial and will help with fat loosing goals (considering fitness level and body mass), and you'll be shocked how fast your body can change and adapt and you'll be fully running with pleasure in no time ! I promise ! Find a program and stick to it, find what's comfortable, repeat weeks if necessary but don't overstress and overburden your body :) Wish you luck!", "link_id": "t3_gvlhvy", "time": 1591172298}}
{"fsbz3cf": {"text": "Do you feel like it makes you calmer during the day even if you only take it at night time ?", "link_id": "t3_gtf83u", "time": 1590862859}}
{"fsbyvf9": {"text": "If you take it at night do you notice improvement with anxiety throughout the day ?", "link_id": "t3_gtf83u", "time": 1590862784}}
{"fsbyr0l": {"text": "Hmm maybe with time I'll get used to it then myself cos at the moment I find it very hard to stay awake on it.", "link_id": "t3_gtf83u", "time": 1590862740}}
{"fsby6cm": {"text": "Thanks, and yea It does. I was brought down to 25mg now too but my doc wants me to take it as 12.5mg \u00d7 2 a day. I thought that it'll be doable on such a small dose but even now it wrecks me and I am not able to function even 4 hours after taken the pill. Plus this way I also get extreme cravings and I'm in the middle of loosing weight that I gained during my last mixed episode (I get terrible binge eating problem during those), so the cravings are an inconvenience. I am on 600mg carbamazepine as well as my main mood stabilizer which seems to work good for me, for the most part. Unfortunately the anxiety and sleep disturbance is still present hence the quetiapine. It is just such a strong medication. I am happy that it helps you though, makes me hopeful.", "link_id": "t3_gtf83u", "time": 1590862545}}
{"fsbw83o": {"text": "yea I got those sides effects too last time I was on it and it made me stop taking this particular medication. I also am not sure if it helped me, especially with anxiety. My sleep was better though, it would knock me down every evening. It was very helpful when my mixed episode went out of control as it quickly brought me back down but after that I saw more issues than positives. But my doctor thinks that my rising anxiety and lower mood are connected to me stopping my medication. So I am to give it another try but I am not too excited about it.", "link_id": "t3_gtf83u", "time": 1590861889}}
{"fsbv4li": {"text": "Yes that's how I feel now, pushing through sedation makes me irritable and drained. I am on a very low dose. Just brought down to 25mg. My mood stabilizer is so far very good but I still struggle with anxiety which in turn can drag me down to depression. My highs seem to be fairly manageable at the moment. My doctor says it will help with depression and anxiety as he's unwilling to give me antidepressants and benzos didn't really help me. I have been reading a lot about how antipsychotics shouldn't be used as sleep aid and that they are not anxiety medication so it makes me feel a little bit wary.", "link_id": "t3_gtf83u", "time": 1590861531}}
{"fryu0ia": {"text": "A mix of cocaine, ecstasy and speed in my case :D", "link_id": "t3_gr358q", "time": 1590577151}}
{"fp1mbdo": {"text": "Maybe try to get yourself to get rid of those drugs and reach out to your psychiatrist? And try to relax a little :)  There are other meds you can try to manage your symptoms that are less  intense then seroquel! I take mood stabilizer - carbamazepine and it works wonders for me, and I also have Seroquel prescribed but only as needed, so if I was to find myself where you are now I would take seroquel (low dose) just to basically knock myself down and go to sleep for a few days. It helps me stabilise when I go out of hand, but for the long run I didn't like it, mainly because of the weight issues. I'm sorry your psychiatrist left, it's such a bad timing and I completely understand how you feel. It's not easy to find a right doctor, so it sucks when you loose them. But stay strong, there are others there that are helpful! Wishing you luck.", "link_id": "t3_gaoepm", "time": 1588240489}}
{"fozqao9": {"text": "I have only recently progressed to type 1, and apart from one incident I actually have more experience with hypomnia, so allowed myself to comment here. And for me it was a bit of all. Sometimes my sleep would decrease but not enough to be detectable, sometimes I stayed in bed toss and turn until the morning came, often I forced myself to sleep but would wake up million times during the night. It really depends. On rare occasions I stayed up all night. When I stay awake at night but sleep during the day, usually it means for me a mixed episode though, but that pattern also do happen.", "link_id": "t3_gahj4o", "time": 1588194996}}
{"fos6g05": {"text": "Fitbit it's great ! I highly recommend it!", "link_id": "t3_g9353r", "time": 1588024822}}
{"forhe62": {"text": "What helps me with discipline is some sort of goal to work towards. Then it's easier to create some sort of plan and stick to it. My partner got me a fitbit watch and it counts my steps and it turned out to be a great thing to motivate me. You can also get an app to do the same job for you though.I wasn't exercising much before so I started first with setting my goal to 5000 steps a day, I started to hit that fast so pushed it to 10 000 steps. Now I walk and jog every second day still trying to keep my 10 000steps goal. I used to find walking boring and had a hard time to get myself to actually get out of the door, but setting a goal helped me with that. At the start I had to drag myself out, but after I found a route that suited me it started to become easier and easier. Now I almost get a bit of an \"itch\", if I don't go for my walk.", "link_id": "t3_g9353r", "time": 1588012266}}
{"for54ie": {"text": "Also I suppose I didn't respond in the end to your question, I actually feel very normal and stable. I was afraid that my emotions will be flattened and tbh they were at the start, until my dose was stabilised. After that my happy became happy again and sad is sad. But happy is not like jumping on the walls anymore and sad doesn't feel like I'm being consumed by darkness. My emotions are leveled and I'm able to deal with them again, which feels truly amazing tbh. I have little hiccups here and there, some symptoms will shine through every now and again, but nothing to difficult to deal with (figerss crossed it stays this way)And yes, sleep is the most important in this disorder. Usually it will be the first indicator of an episode, so it's good to keep an eye on it and make sure that you get your 7-9h a night :) most of us need some sort of sleep aid and sleep routine is really important. DBT is great and I recommend it if you have an access to it. I don't to therapy sessions with DBT but I have a workbook for it and I am working through it, helps with emotional regulation. There's a lot to learn and understand about this disorder, but it can be managed. I wish you luck !", "link_id": "t3_g93bku", "time": 1588006334}}
{"for3atc": {"text": "I take carbamazepine and quetiapine (seroquel) as needed, with combination of a good diet, exercising, healthy sleep routine. I feel quite lucky as carbamazepine was the first medication I was put on and it seems to be working. At the start I also didn't know what to expect and what normal feels like ! I sort of went on and off medication because of that but my last episode put me back on it and I'm planning on sticking to it. For the most part I only take carbamazepine! Which is really great as I read so much about med cocktails that people are on and it's frightening sometimes. But we do what we can. I still struggle with anxiety, but trying to regulate it through CBT &amp; DBT, and I seem to be more responsive to those now that I am feeling stable.I have quetiapine to help me with sleep as other sleep medication don't work for me, but try to take it only when I'm starting to slip and for the most part regulate myself with the routine I have. It's not easy and requires a lot of commitment but it's worth it.", "link_id": "t3_g93bku", "time": 1588005445}}
{"fok8r3a": {"text": "Yea, if I'm being honest I for years went through periods of time when I was feeling like there was a presence in my room. Some sort of dangerous creatures hidding in the shadows. But it would come and go, and I dealt with it even in my early 20s.My therapist claims it's a representation of my childhood fear for the most part :)", "link_id": "t3_g7dopm", "time": 1587837507}}
{"fojo4e1": {"text": " I used to have that fear as a child myself and sometimes throughout the adulthood but never ever to a degree like in my last episode. Before it was more like a fear/ maybe gentle phobia though, this time I was properly delusional, running around with sage and trying to find protective spells! I also had mild hallucinations and it went on for two months, day and night, at one point I even thought my bf was possessed. It was exhausting and terrifying:( I think my fear of darkness comes from my troubled childhood, that's why I experienced that fear before, but this time it was fueled by mania and it went out of hand.", "link_id": "t3_g7dopm", "time": 1587825711}}
{"foj9hpy": {"text": "From the nice ones I felt one with the universe and was certain I got messages from above. One time I hallucinated/dreamt off, not sure it felt very real at the time and I run around calming it was, that I had a surgery made on my heart by some light beings ! Other time I thought my soul got out off my body, trying to contact with me and made me write a letter to myself. It was a beautiful letter but it was supposed to be just for me and I was not to show it to anyone! I of course wanted to show it to everyone, and shockingly my housemates's dog stole it and ate it :D There were times I believed I was in a movie and literally felt like I can hear the music playing in the background. I thought I was a chosen one and sent here to help humanity with my healing/chanelling powers. To make it all worse I actually once started to hang out with people who truly believed all that stuff, a cult of sorts and made me a powerful member of their group ! It was actually quite mentally abusive group as it turned out at the end. So it wasn't fun experience. I have a tendencies towards spiritual outbreaks in my episodes.I had some bad experiences too when moving into mixed episodes. The last one involved me believing in an evil ghost living in my attic and trying to kill me. Couldn't sleep at all because of it.", "link_id": "t3_g7dopm", "time": 1587813656}}
{"fnyxkbh": {"text": "I agree that this sub for the most part is not great and spreads a lot of misinformation, yet it is true at the same time that psychiatry needs a lot of improvement. It is such a young branch of science and there's still so much to discover and the ways they go about treating people should be verified too. I can understand why so many people feels hurt and harmed by this system, especially that the psychiatric doctors seems to be the most careless and unengaged for the most part. Yet, anti-psychiatry sub promotes so many conspiracy theories and ridiculous \"facts\" that in fact they are making it harder for the rest of us to be heard and have changes made. They creating the feeling of being either pro or anti psychiatry, leaving out the middle ground, the place where communication and change is possible. There's no solutions presented on that sub, no realistic changes that we could try and work towards. It's mainly caused to be anti, to be a \"hater\", to give out and to do so it often uses unverified or false information. That makes it actually quite dangerous.", "link_id": "t3_g4ikzi", "time": 1587379418}}
{"fnv1p7r": {"text": "Well, I don't really know where that hunger comes from, other then your distress. If you did progress to bipolar I'm fairly sure 150mg carbamazepine is not a therapeutic dose, I'm much higher and started off with additional antipsychotic to keep me in check, so maybe it's something to discuss with your doctor.I'm not a professional, so I can tell you only about my own experience here. When I started carbamazepine and experienced this intense hunger I was in the midst of a nasty mixed episode. Agitation and restlessness triggered binging for me, but at the same time I was experiencing fatigue and depressive feelings. What you're saying in your posts and sense of distress you're showing sort of remind me of myself back then. Antipsychotic was what helped, in my case it was quetiapine. It technically put me to bed, for like a week. But, I did need that sleep. It helped me level up and calm down, even though the sedation at the start was quite strong. I used it for like a month on the top of mood stabilizer, just until I stabilised my routine and fixed my sleep pattern, then I got off it. Now I'm feeling very stable and grateful!Certainly, I would advise you to have a good chat with your pdoc about medication and treatment. Describe to them how you feel, emphasising your distress. (I actually did a bit of a show as I was in so much distress but at least I was taken seriously after that).", "link_id": "t3_g2c75y", "time": 1587277385}}
{"fnv0a1r": {"text": "Your triggers are not stupid at all and I can relate to all of them . You're not alone. My father abused drugs and alcohol and had untreated bipolar, my mother was codependent and absent. My childhood ended faster than it started, so I understand your feelings too well. Do you have any access to a professional to talk to? Things can get better and you can work with those triggers and feelings.", "link_id": "t3_g40p74", "time": 1587276133}}
{"fntlnm2": {"text": "Yes I have bipolar, actually Bipolar with Borderline traits, and I'm on a way higher dose of carbamazepine than you are. Partly got that specific medication cos it was supposed to also help with my borderline tendencies. Believe my, I don't have a strong will, this medication just works for me.If you don't mind my honesty you don't sound very stable. From your messages I can clearly sense distress. Why won't you talk to your doctor about change of meds? It seems like the only reasonable solution. Of course you can also just get off it, if you feel that bad. It is your mind in the end and you have to make those decisions, but it's always better to consult with your professional.", "link_id": "t3_g2c75y", "time": 1587244145}}
{"fntjzh0": {"text": "Well, I agree on your points here, but the stress caused by the overall system that we live in is another topic to discuss really, but I am all in believing that we need a revolution. It is a domino effect of course and I would agree that we should start changes at the roots. Education, work environment, poverty, domestic violence, wars, inequality - all those contribute in our mental health issues. And all of them need addressing. I am very sorry to hear that your government does so poorly though. Many of the issues you've listed are not issues I had to deal with. In my country University is free to all (the only factor are your grades but if the work is put in, there's nothing to be worried about). Therapy, CBT, stress and anxiety meetings, group therapy, activity classes etc are widely available and are first line of treatment of mental distress. The diagnosis and meds are actually the last thing you'd get and still with great caution. Social welfare programs are providing enough money for a decent living if you're having hard time to support yourself and there's help provided if you're having a difficult time deciding what you want to do. There are many courses and classes funded by the government to help you up your skills while looking for a job. Life is not perfect here but we do have a lot of choices. I am sorry that they are not as accessible for you over there. I can see where you are coming from though.", "link_id": "t3_g1xajk", "time": 1587243186}}
{"fnrq95e": {"text": "Thank you for your your informative response. From my own experience and studies I have read not all of that information seems to match. I think, that's the issue of the world we live in. For every expert, every study you get one to counteract it. Plus there's always the personal experience or believes that impact our views greatly. Unfortunately it seems that we could dispute all day long without coming to agreement. I do agree though that there are things in psychiatry that should change. One of them is surly dropping the influence of USA, as this place is the doom of everything and unfortunately seems to be spreading fast. That's a different conversation thought. I am so sorry about your aunt. Mental illness is a really difficult one and psychiatry itself as a science is basically a toddler, we still have soo much to learn. I think people tend to forget that. Still people who suffer, the way I do, deserve help. And you saying that what my dad went through or what I am going through is \"understandable human response to adverse conditions\" feels like a simplification and not really understanding that experience. Normalizing something that is not and does not feel normal and never did. Also when you decide to bring down a system, you should be prepared to offer something to replace it. Something that is going to work better. So I am very curious, could you offer me something to replace my medication to help me control my moods and psychotic attacks? I am very aware of side effects and potential health risk caused by my meds, and believe me I was very against taking them and tried all I could, as I mentioned it somewhere in my previous posts. I am not all Pro psychiatry and meds, believe it or not, and it was the last resort I turned into; after years of studying myself and trying everything else there is including freaking shamans. Nothing work and my condition was progressively getting worse. Can you please help me so I don't have to take those meds anymore and have a fulfilling life? I am asking seriously. You seem like an intelligent and logical person and I'm very grateful for your input.", "link_id": "t3_g1xajk", "time": 1587197525}}
{"fno2kd5": {"text": "Same, I had the most vivid dreams when on it. But trying to fight sleep was either impossible or would end with nightmares, sleep paralysis and crankiness/grogginess. I was never able to get up fresh, so my morning irritability was out of hand and I would sleep like 10-11hours each night and it didn't seem to go down. If tried to get up earlier either my eyes were so heavy that I would not be able to leave the bed or again I'd be in terrible mood. I also experienced those hallucinations like states. It sometimes felt like I was neither awake or asleep, and in those stages my imagination was nearly to life. It was very bizarre, not always bad though.I was on mood stabilizer as well though so in the end my mood stabilizer was upped and I got off quetiapine as I also had other side effects and I got fed up with it. I still have it to use as needed to help me sedate myself if I was spiraling towards mania.", "link_id": "t3_g2tevi", "time": 1587109742}}
{"fno1lnr": {"text": "Well English is not my first language but I'm fairly sure that malfunction means that something doesn't work as it should. In this case psychiatry. I do agree that using misinformation to make money is bad and having a system that is allowing for it is a malfunction as the doctors should be here to help, not sell. But it's not always the case.Also I am guessing that you are from the USA, same as the OP. Am I right or not? If that is the case, we are from two different worlds and I understand in your case why you'll be more aggressive, though not necessarily fully right. I understand, what you're saying: misinformation is dangerous. My father was mentally ill and because of misinformation he refused to take his medication. We did all we could to keep him sane but it was impossible. And I had to watch his mind deteriorate year after year. I had to watch him again and again jumping from a mood to a mood and being psychotic. Had to watch him walking naked on the streets with nothing but a watermelon on his head, serving as a hat or talking to furnitures. Had to deal with him forgetting who I was, or thinking my mother is a German spy. Had to chase him and mind him until the episode was over. In the end I had to watch him die, while he was in the episode. Outside of them, he was the best person I ever knew and the best father. Illness or not, imbalance or something else, he needed help. Any help. Unfortunately, I inherited his mental issues, and suffer in similar way. And as he, I've been refusing medication for years. I tried everything else, healthy lifestyle, therapy, life coaches, healers, even shamans, you name it. I checked myself from head to toes to see what's happening and tried possibly everything I could. Nothing has helped me and like my father I nearly lost my life due to my issues. My partner talked me into trying medication and ever since my life has been soo much better. And I don't feel sedated, not myself or like a zombie. I feel good and happy and am again able to lead a fulfilling life. I sometimes wish my father did it too so he could still be here with us, to see his grandchildren etc. He was only 44 when he committed suicide and it hurt. It still hurts. But I don't expect you to understand that. On the other side of the anti psychiatry coin are people who don't even believe in mental illness, making people whose suffering is already difficult even worse!Also I haven't experienced any of the drug misinformation or any of what you say really. Every doctor I've ever been to always told me of possible side effects and risks. None of the doctors here is willing to put you on medication that can possibly cause addiction. Psychiatrist are not doctors that you can get into easily and psychiatric drugs are not freely given to anyone who asks for them. You have to be referred and observed and even if you show abnormal behaviour the first line of treatment is educational meetings, therapy, mindfulness techniques, CBT and all that. I suppose if you are in USA, not like me in Europe then our systems are completely different, so I'm starting to feel like this discussion is pointless. Although, and I say it again. I understand where you are coming from. I have never said that I think medical system is perfect. It's far from it. The only point I'm trying to discuss is that nothing is black and white like OP claims. Black and white thinking is very dangerous.", "link_id": "t3_g1xajk", "time": 1587108772}}
{"fnmlzpr": {"text": "And that is a malfunction of the system and I understand how that's wrong. I am fortunate now to have a doctor who explains everything to me, so I know all potential risks and possible benefits, but I am very aware that a lot, if not most medical professionals are not like that and it does need to be addressed. As I said before the system isn't perfect. Nothing is just black and white. I can see what needs improvement, but I also see what works and why it works. I'm simply against being extremists. Seeing only one side of the picture. I've been harmed by this system, I also have been saved by it. There's a grey area that needs to be explored and improved. I truly don't understand why people think that there's always only a pro side or anti side. while the real discussion and communication can happen only on the middle ground, where everyone is willing to listen and learn. I'm starting to believe that it's because people who only lean towards one side don't really look for solution, don't really look for change. They only want something to argue about and have someone who they can be against. It's rather dangerous, but we can see it everywhere not only on medical stage.", "link_id": "t3_g1xajk", "time": 1587073852}}
{"fnmj0xj": {"text": "We are made up of a collection of chemicals, so anything that goes wrong in our system is technically caused by a chemical imbalance. You don't have to feel depressed or manic etc to be experiencing chemical imbalance, a regular bad mood or groginess is caused by some sort of chemical imbalance. What causes this imbalance is the question that needs to be answered, most common its lack of proper nutrition, bad sleep, lack of exercise, emotional disregulation etc etc. Most of people regulate themselves through those positive changes. Balancing the chemicals. Some of us are unfortunately for some reason unable to do so, even though many do try. Scientists know what chemicals can relate to certain mood or mental changes therefore they can treat them with medication, helping ease the suffering and improve the quality of life of some of the people. They still don't know the root cause, so they don't know how to fix those issues. Only lessen them or cover. The medication and the whole psychiatric system isn't perfect and the decent doctors know and admit it themselves. Yet it is here to help and it does help many people.You don't have to use it yourself if it doesn't agree with you. But it seems like you're trying to talk about things that you don't fully understand.", "link_id": "t3_g1xajk", "time": 1587072302}}
{"fnlcmta": {"text": "Well in that case, you should talk to your doctor and arrange to take you off it and start a different medication. I don't advice getting off it in one go though, I tried it and it didn't feel nice. Are you on it long? Sometimes it takes time before the sides effects go away.", "link_id": "t3_g2c75y", "time": 1587051180}}
{"fnlawtr": {"text": "Do you exercise? When I went on it first my appetite was over the roof and I put on weight loads. So I stopped taking it, but I didn't exercise at all, I was sort floating, not knowing what to do with myself. This is my second try and everything I wrote above is what other people told me to try. I started a running program around a month after I hit proper therapeutic dose and my mood stabilised and it has changed everything. Trying to count my steps and concentrating on making progress keeps me away from the fridge, even during the lock down. Having something else to focus on really helps. Of course if it's really bad you should consult your doctor, but from my own experience this was a good advice that I was given. My hunger didn't disappear, which I discovered in last few days when I wasn't able to exercise and do my usual thing, but it is way more manageable most days with appropriate routine. But again that's just me. The best thing is to consult the doctor.", "link_id": "t3_g2c75y", "time": 1587050293}}
{"fnl9m48": {"text": "How's your routine? I am on it and so far it helped me greatly with my moods, which then helped me with building up a proper routine. I have to say I started to loose weight on it. It's slow but progressive and hopefully will continue. I started Intermittent Fasting. I saw a lot of people advising it to help manage medical weight gain and it does seems to be something that works well. I cut all the sweets out and if I must (like recently during my period) I allow myself only dark chocolate (or try to, I had some sins here and there). I often start my day or somewhere around midday I get a smoothie into me, I noticed that when I drink a smoothie earlier in the day it's easier for me to maintain my cravings, if they're persistent I have dried prunes and apples handy to snack on (both good for for fiber and help with bowels movement). I try to get my 10 000steps a day either through walking or jogging (I jog every second day) and I do a bit of yoga too. And I obviously look after my sleep routine. I don't count calories, but I watch what I eat and try to make healthier choices. So far it's going well. It's really not as much to do as it sounds, but it helps me with my weight troubles. Maybe there's something in your routine you could change ? If you're already having a strong routine and diet, then apology for all that above, just thought I share what helped me. But in that case maybe it'll be wise to talk to your doctor about a med change?", "link_id": "t3_g2c75y", "time": 1587049603}}
{"fnkvmmh": {"text": "Excitement and pressured speech. I am a chatty person in general, but when it hits me I cannot stop and it gets uncomfortable. And I get so uncomfortably excited about my own ideas and everything around me really. To the point I have a hard time to not jump around and talk nonsense.", "link_id": "t3_g27x5y", "time": 1587041120}}
{"fnb61q8": {"text": "I get you completely! I feel bad about everyone who suffers because of it and I obviously worry about myself and my loved ones, hoping for the best. But apart from that I feel like I've been given the holiday I needed in years. Where everything stopped or slowed down. My medication finally kicked in properly, just before the madness started, and I am using all that time to work on my routine, my diet, my sleep pattern. I feel stable and calm and try to avoid contact with other people (I'm quite introverted so it doesn't bother me). I go on walks with my partner and we cook lovely meals together etc. We are blessed we have enough money to cover our bills and stay away from everything/everyone as much as possible. I know not everyone is as lucky as we are though and my heart goes to anyone who suffers during this pandemic or any other crisis. But still, yes, I am grateful for the time that has been given to me at the moment and I completely understand where are you coming from.", "link_id": "t3_g0qmjf", "time": 1586809840}}
{"fn97cte": {"text": "Depression seems to often come after mania as a crash episode, but to be honest it is not a rule at all. It might show up or not. Some people don't experience depression at all. Was your medication adjusted during your last episode?And in reality I also often question (and many of us I guess) my diagnosis but as long as meds help, it is enough for me to stick to them right ?", "link_id": "t3_g09cp3", "time": 1586762003}}
{"fn7rbov": {"text": "For me the most helpful was to keep in mind that I can take small steps and do one thing at a time and kinda followed what felt the most natural to start with. For me it was keeping up with meds, then exercises, then started to eat better and switched to intermittent fasting, now I work on my sleep routine. I am, somehow happy, that I am locked in the house and can use all that time to develop my routine on my own terms tbh. I have bad habits developed during many untreated manias, and I do jump into things recklessly and invest my whole self in the projects I am taking on. I am guessing a lot of us suffers from that trait. Doing things one step at a time was actually the hardest thing to learn for me, after wrapping my head around that idea, other stuff became a bit easier.", "link_id": "t3_fzp08f", "time": 1586726060}}
{"fn7pp7a": {"text": "I'm not on lamitical, I take carbamazepine. But like yourself I started off with two medication (quetiapine the second one). After I stabilised enough, I was taken off quetiapine (well I can use it as needed as it is strongly sedating, which is great when my mood goes wild). With good and solid routine and sleep hygiene, being left on just mood stabilizer seems doable. I like having my quetiapine as an aid if things were to get out of hand, but at the moment I am doing really really well. (Also started to loose some weight which is a great motivation to keep up with a routine) I understand how you feel. I've been there. It's important to listen to yourself though. Do you feel like you're still benefiting from the other medication? Or Do you feel like you're more in control ? Good questions to ask yourself. Plus you'll be taken off it slowly and if you show any worrying signs you can increase the dose and stay with it.", "link_id": "t3_g01e87", "time": 1586725125}}
{"fn2ylx1": {"text": "Any illness is cause by imbalance. Trauma affects the brain causing damage and further more a chemical imbalance. Our mood, energy and emotions are just chemical reactions so if any of those becomes odd, there's an imbalance going on. Even if you get too sad but not depressed, and it's persistent, it is caused by some sort of imbalance in the brain , maybe caused by lack of certain nutrients, maybe something else. Saying that something is caused by an chemical imbalance is in fact a very vague statement and can be true to many things. I have read that they actually do a research on how trauma can be a \"start\" of any mental illness and how the damage on the brain made by trauma probably can be passed on to children. Therefore, creating people who never experienced anything traumatic, yet struggling with mental issues inherited from their parents. From what I know it's relatively new theory and they are only starting to look into it now. We have to remember psychiatry is a very young branch of science and we are more of laboratory rabbits then patients as the doctors understand our issues only slightly better then we do at this stage.", "link_id": "t3_fy4q10", "time": 1586607906}}
{"fn2wyuf": {"text": "I am in Ireland at the moment and my experience is different. In fact, I got my diagnosis after working with my doctor for a while and only because I asked for it, wanting to know what is it that literally destroys me. I was told that here in Ireland and as I know from a friend in Great Britain too, psychiatrists are going away from labels, admitting that DSM is rather a guideline then a set list of disorders, as most of them combine and intertwine and for most of them, they don't even know the actual cause and it's really difficult to pin point them.So they treat symptoms the way they can. I thought it was very honest of my doctor to put it that way. I was also informed of possible side effects and danger before I started treatment. I thought it was fair, but I know I was lucky to get a good doctor too. Here they would also make sure that you'll try therapy, CBT or other form of counseling before you'll get referred to a psychiatrist. I understand what you're trying to say. I had my share of shitty doctors and I know how terrible it is when the illness is so open to interpretation and there's no way to measure it in any significant way. I've been put on sedatives before, just to keep me calm and emotionless, which was as bad as the illness itself. I almost drove myself mad trying to see which of the disorders fits me, as I experienced a lot of trauma in my life, so according to DSM there's more then one thing wrong with me, but you can mix and match as almost everything seems kinda right. Tbh, when I was told by my doctor to forget the diagnosis and concentrate on my symptoms, it was a big relief and luckily at the moment I am on right medication. I really know where you are coming from, it's just the way you formed your post. It can accidentally hit a lot of people who are really struggling. The diagnosis right or not, for people who suffer can be a very comforting thing. The way you said some things, like that we have a choice and a free will, when manic or depressed, it sounds like you're dismissing a whole community of people who really do not have that choice and their will is very limited, and they try badly to keep themselves sane. If it comes to me for years I basically isolated myself to secure myself and those around me form possible symptoms of my illness. That's as much of a choice and free will that I had.", "link_id": "t3_fy4q10", "time": 1586606360}}
{"fn2t342": {"text": "It sounds like you had a very bad experience with psychiatry and medication. I am sorry about that. If the truth was told, western medical services are far from perfect and I would agree that psychiatry suffers the most. I myself, was exposed to doctors who would put me down and not believe my experience or just throw some medication at me. Unlike you say, I had hard time receiving my diagnosis. I had to fight for it and same when it came to my father. His mania would make him psychotic, he talked to sinks and furniture. One time he undressed and only use a watermelon as a hat! and went for a walk, police brought him home but noone helped me with getting him into hospital. His worst mania went on for 6 months and by the end of it he looked like skeleton, he thought we were back in communistic Poland (we live abroad and Poland was under russian regime during his childhood), that my mother was a Nazi spy and he couldn't remember who me or my sister was. It was extreme, it completely got out of hand and when the mania was over his depression got him sooo low and soo dark that he committed suicide. I during my last 5months episode was haunted by a spirit. Literally loosing my mind to madness, having so much energy I nearly wanted to scratch it out to get rid of it. When I get manic I can loose 20kg over two months, I literally don't sleep or sleep a poor few hours constantly tossing and turning. I get talkative to the point it hurts my jaw and makes me wanna hide from the world, because I cannot stop and I talk nonsense and I talk at people. My self esteem goes soo high I think of my self as if I was a God. It is a very different frame of mind to my usual, shy and anxious self. I won't even go into depression. It is a terrible and vicious cycle to be going through and yea, the symptoms listed on the website don't necessarily sound like it. When I try to explain to others what I am going through it is a hard thing to do, and sounds trivial, until they see me. The issues with mental health is that normal human reactions and responses are brought to extreme. In my country to get psychiatric diagnosis you have to be referred by your GP and it's harder to get to psychiatrist than people would have think and usually when you do get to one. Well, you probably need their help so yea, you do receive diagnosis. I was lucky enough to get into the right doctor now and I am medicated and it changed my life and well, it gives me a hope that my life can be better than my father's was. I understand what you're trying to say in your post, but stil somehow I feel a little offended by what you said there, by trying to belittle my experience  and my illness.", "link_id": "t3_fy4q10", "time": 1586602201}}
{"fmx4093": {"text": "From my experience when I asked my doctor to explain to me my disorder and how it works it was plainly described to me. My therapist also during therapy does notes on how certain behaviours are just mechanisms of anxiety. Doctors don't always know how to go around things, but in the end they spend years to study that stuff. While this guy is taking quite well known information on anxiety(I would expect anyway), piecing them together and trying to make money on that. I have some experience with people like him, good at selling their products, but in the end not really providing quality. Be wary people.", "link_id": "t3_fxscry", "time": 1586458063}}
{"fmx1toh": {"text": "I don't want to be skeptical and I'm happy you overcame YOUR issues. But claiming to be an expert on anxiety and panic attacks by reading some books, it's a completely different thing. Your whole post sounds like an advertisement and it brings up a lot of red flags in my head. I had my fair share of shamans, healers and life coaches who claimed they know it all. It is quite upsetting to see how people try to use the vulnerable and the ones in need. And it's all for money. Very sad to see it, especially now during the pandemic where anxious people are more vulnerable then ever.", "link_id": "t3_fxscry", "time": 1586456953}}
{"fmhzb2y": {"text": "There are different types and levels of depression. If you are in the place where refusing SSRIs is a possibility for you, then that's great. But don't invalidate other people's experiences and struggles. Some of us cannot do without meds. And it's just as simple as that. As someone said above, everything alters your brain. The way you describe your mother would suggest to me that your mam might have a deeper rooted issues to deal with and maybe should look for evaluation. I suffer from bipolar disorder, and my depression gets so bad I cannot function. I take care of my surroundings, I exercise, I do yoga, I eat healthy, I make sure I sleep right. But when the episode hits non of this really help or helps very little. Because of people like you who demonize psychiatric medication I have been refusing treatment for years, letting my self esteem drop with each failure in managing my moods, finally recently I nearly lost my life because of it. Now I'm medicated and feel better then ever. My routine is strong and I feel happy. I don't feel altered or not myself. I actually feel more stable or like myself than I have in years.", "link_id": "t3_fv3xgb", "time": 1586098509}}
{"fmhzb17": {"text": "There are different types and levels of depression. If you are in the place where refusing SSRIs is a possibility for you, then that's great. But don't invalidate other people's experiences and struggles. Some of us cannot do without meds. And it's just as simple as that. As someone said above, everything alters your brain. The way you describe your mother would suggest to me that your mam might have a deeper rooted issues to deal with and maybe should look for evaluation. I suffer from bipolar disorder, and my depression gets so bad I cannot function. I take care of my surroundings, I exercise, I do yoga, I eat healthy, I make sure I sleep right. But when the episode hits non of this really help or helps very little. Because of people like you who demonize psychiatric medication I have been refusing treatment for years, letting my self esteem drop with each failure in managing my moods, finally recently I nearly lost my life because of it. Now I'm medicated and feel better then ever. My routine is strong and I feel happy. I don't feel altered or not myself. I actually feel more stable or like myself than I have in years.", "link_id": "t3_fv3xgb", "time": 1586098509}}
{"fmecnkh": {"text": "Very open to people sharing their music here too :)", "link_id": "t3_furuax", "time": 1585998953}}
{"fmbwuqc": {"text": "Right there with you. And cycling between mania and depression makes it close to impossible to keep the weight stable. And even when medication works and I don't cycle, the meds that work are usually the ones that cause weight gain. Never ending issue :( find it exhausting to be honest but have no idea how to get out of it.", "link_id": "t3_fuc55l", "time": 1585934688}}
{"fmbmd7p": {"text": "Exactly. I always felt kinda bad for taking time for myself even though I knew I had to. Recently I had to take time off work because of my condition but sitting at home was making me feel worse. Felt like a failure. Now I'm forced to it. I work on my routine, spend time with my partner, do things I like. And I feel relaxed about it. I don't feel pressured to get better asap so I can jump back into the rush of the life. Right now the whole world moves slow and I like it.", "link_id": "t3_fua0ix", "time": 1585929179}}
{"fmbj05d": {"text": "I know how you feel. I almost feel kinda bad for responding so well. But in my case it seems I needed the whole world to slow down :-) I obviously worry about my loved ones, a few people very important to me are at higher risk, but apart from that it was a break I needed.", "link_id": "t3_fua0ix", "time": 1585927326}}
{"fmbgtct": {"text": "Very normal to feel that way. I constantly question my diagnosis. I go from \"I'm not bipolar\" to \"I am totally bipolar\" :) I was put on meds and recently they really kicked in and again I started to voice my doubts but my partner stopped me quickly and was like \"are you really going to do it again ? After what we went through last time ? \" I quickly decided to shut my mouth and stay on meds :-D I often have difficulties to see my symptoms too. I usually see them after the episode or when I'm deep in it and have a moment of reflection. Apparently the awareness comes with time and practice. Therapy is helpful here.", "link_id": "t3_fu7z97", "time": 1585926067}}
{"fmax93f": {"text": "I really understand how you feel. Pressure is my biggest trigger. I also understand your struggle with the fam! It's a tough scenario to be in and stress certainly doesn't help. I know that I feel like a wounded animal when I'm under pressure, I do everything and nothing and usually come out of it defeated. Unfortunately. I know online session is not great, but if you're feeling so bad, maybe it's worth to push through with it? I was against it myself when the whole lockdown started, but after two weeks I knew, I need to have someone to keep checking on me. My mother totally doesn't believe in mental illness, despite the fact my father was a book case of Bipolar, and took his own life while manically agitated. Now I struggle with the same and she refuses to acknowledge that, so I basically do treatment behind her back. But it took me a while to find enough courage and do it. Actually I was on the edge of taking my own life, when I decided to try the treatment first and see what happens. Best decision so far. Choose yourself and try to go on with the appointment. The doctors are not giving up on you, but resources are limited at the moment.", "link_id": "t3_ftqq2x", "time": 1585911409}}
{"fmarxsq": {"text": "Same here.", "link_id": "t3_fu037f", "time": 1585905415}}
{"fm8oqlc": {"text": "I'm so sorry to hear that. This virus is making everything so difficult. I wish I could help you, but I don't really know how. Any chance you could at least get some sleeping/anti anxiety medication of your doctor (they still do over the phone appointments and prescribe medication if necessary) ? I know when I'm mixed state, or similar to what you describe, being able to sleep and get myself into routine helps a lot and allows me to regulate other symptoms somehow. Also any chance you could email your university and explain your situation to them ( how you feel and how you're waiting for psychiatric evaluation but you're not able to get treatment right now) and maybe find some sort of agreement with them ? It's very difficult times we're living in now so I'm sure they will take all that into consideration.", "link_id": "t3_ftqq2x", "time": 1585853224}}
{"fm8m2kp": {"text": "I have episodes like that too. I'm diagnosed with bipolar with borderline traits. I've noticed you mentioned you have traits of that too, so maybe it has something to do with it ? I know my episodes got worse when I tired to self medicate, also anxiety can bring on weird symptoms, mixing things around. My last episode was pure madness with my moods all over the place and I could see my psychiatrist being baffled by my behaviour, but in the end he thinks it's due to drinking too much, experimenting with weed and sleeping pills and my stress/anxiety levels going over the roof.Did you think of talking to a doctor about it?", "link_id": "t3_ftqq2x", "time": 1585851835}}
{"fm8kfbh": {"text": "It could be stress but stress takes a huge part in triggering bipolar episodes. At least for me and usually under impact of stress my episodes will turn into a nasty mixed episodes with a lot of agitation and restlessness.Any chance you can talk to your doctor?", "link_id": "t3_ftjehr", "time": 1585850989}}
{"fm8jxw6": {"text": "I get that during mixed episodes, even though my psychiatrist says it is not most normal presentation of bipolar, even when in mixed episodes. I tend to get up exhausted, fatigued and overwhelmed and around 10pm, when I should go to bed I get the sparkle of productivity, creativity, getting super talkative and restless and all that jazz. My day gets upside down. I get the 'I feel everything at once\" mixed episode days too though.", "link_id": "t3_ftqq2x", "time": 1585850737}}
{"fm7c7zl": {"text": "https://youtu.be/eyiZfzbgaW4 I watched this  and I liked cos it interviews people with Bipolar and shows  different perspectives. And I get you. I, myself, was looking for a magical solution for too long. Pretty sure I managed trumatize myself this way. I was demonizing medication and trying to manage it natural ways. Then I give up on natural ways and looked for a pill that will fix me. Nothing like that exists though.  Now through a combination of meds and proper routine, healthy life choices, little changes. Through my own work combined with professional help I finally am getting stable.", "link_id": "t3_fte1zv", "time": 1585821378}}
{"fm46bz2": {"text": "I think it's very well made. It's exactly as you said vulnerable, raw, insane, beautiful. It's touching. But it depends on you if that amount of exposure is something you can deal with. I root for you ! Sending love \u2665\ufe0f", "link_id": "t3_fsz97q", "time": 1585747565}}
{"fm29u6q": {"text": "I'm so sorry for your loss. My father was Bipolar and he gave up and took his own life a few years back too. Now I carry the burden of this illness. It's a truly difficult one. I really do understand your pain. I know you suffer and feel a lot of pain. The path to healing isn't going to be an easy one but you can do it together with your kids. Sometimes all we can do for our loved ones is to let them go. I know it's hard, I really do, but with acceptance comes peace. I root for you and wish you all the best. Sending love \u2665\ufe0f", "link_id": "t3_fslfgs", "time": 1585693267}}
{"fm1py2l": {"text": "Awh I'm in the same boat. I start to do yoga daily and jog every second day plus walk whenever I can plus Intermittent fasting! Don't know if it's enough, but I hope so. The most difficult part of it is moderation, I can do too much too fast cos it's be been a trigger for me in the past. Yet I keep worrying I don't do enough.", "link_id": "t3_fsasp2", "time": 1585682901}}
{"fm1mjct": {"text": "I feel you. At this moment I feel so completely confused. I looked for help when I was depressed but the diagnosis and working thorough it uncovered so much more. Living through the cycles when untreated and not knowing what's going on got me all worked up and lost in myself. I saw myself getting into projects which I later didn't have the energy to follow through with. I saw myself getting excited about ridiculous ideas, educating people on things, things that a moment later I could not even agree with. I saw myself turning into a prophet, gaining faith, just to completely loose it. I was the happiest person alive, certain I know the secrets of true happiness and knowledge how to be happy continuously, just to turn into the saddest person ever with no hope or even desire to be happy again. Right now I am just a mess, anxious and withdrawn. Trying to re-establish who I am. But it's so damn hard!", "link_id": "t3_fsfe9u", "time": 1585681128}}
{"fm0xs52": {"text": "Hi, I've seen a lot of great comments already here. From myself I can only add that when you're cravings are that strong and hard to control maybe it's worth to look into your anxieties ? Dunno if you struggle with them or not but higher appetite is often a sign of a lot of stress in the body. Just talking from my own experience as I used to have the same exact issue with uncontrollable appetite and cravings but addressing my stress and anxiety helped so much. To be honest I wasn't even aware for much under pressure I was until I started to work with it :)", "link_id": "t3_fs4u85", "time": 1585668254}}
{"flwxzbf": {"text": "It's a nice message and I get where he's coming from cos it was a soothing thought for me after years of abuse and then dealing with mental illness. I was trying to find something good about it to justify it. To make sense out of it. But my therapist told me not to give my victories and right decisions and growth away and associate them with my misfortune. He said I grew despite abuse, I make right decisions despite the mental illness. It's not my trauma or mental difficulties that made me strong, I was strong before this happened to me and thanks to that strength I push forward trying to be the best person I can. Despite the circumstances. Not everyone does it, even with similar background, sometimes people don't try to be good even though they have the best possible conditions for it. It's something that comes from within. When I've heard that it took away sense from my experience and I had to deal with it, but it certainly helped with my self esteem and confidence.", "link_id": "t3_frfutx", "time": 1585569400}}
{"fltbkc5": {"text": "Yeah definitely worth to talk to your doctor and address it. If your stress/anxiety balances the appetite will do the same.", "link_id": "t3_fos244", "time": 1585466041}}
{"flr328r": {"text": "Hmmm maybe they are not getting longer but as you said maybe I can detect them faster and I am overall more aware. I dunno.I know when it started around 10years ago I think, I would cycle through some short hypomnia (literally maybe two weeks), followed by a bit of depression. But I could count it in weeks. With time it progressed. My depression started to settle for months and hypomnia would drive me crazy for weeks. It's hard to say exactly but when I look back it feels like it was just a short period here and there. Then I hit my first mania and I couldn't stop it for around 3 months, followed by 6months depression. I still would have more stability in between here though. 2 years ago I hit my second mania and since then I just feel like I'm constantly going crazy (I wasn't hospitalised but it was a traumatic period for me). After that I had a few stable weeks and experienced my first gentle mixed episode that threw me into a year of severe depression. Last year ended with 4-5months of my second mixed episode which wasn't gentle at all, I experienced delusions before but now I was haunted by an evil spirit for weeks, at the same time driven by aggressive motivation to do things but not knowing what to do. It was a nightmare. And it forced me to start taking meds. So it went from a couple of weeks at a time to a few months and for depression a full year at a time. I get so deep in those moods and stay so long there sometimes I forget that something else can exist than what I'm experiencing at the moment. Mixed epiosdes are also a new addition to this madness, so all this together feels like the illness is progressing in my case, and it's doing so rather aggressively in my own experience of it .", "link_id": "t3_fqhmps", "time": 1585411938}}
{"flqyekp": {"text": "When I was younger I feel like I had much more stability then now. Epiosdes were more like glimpses that I was easily shaking off and yea the severity wasn't that bad. That's why I went unmedicated for so long (probably around 10years or more ). Now my episodes are long and scary, they crash my soul, run in deep and cause havoc. And I feel like there's way less stability in between, but maybe it's because the after effects keep me still away from normality (getting my life back on track after mania or depression can be discouraging and stressful).Recently I decided to finally medicate and found acceptance in myself and admitted that indeed I am ill. And ever since I started my medication I am doing really well, it seems like they found a good combination for now and I'm very hopeful. Maybe I'll get to see what stable really means for me these days :)", "link_id": "t3_fqhmps", "time": 1585409059}}
{"flqxm8l": {"text": "Yeah I've heard about that. My episodes are most certainly getting longer and more severe with time. But to be fair I had a quite traumatic life and I feel like it has an impact on my bipolar epiosdes. Whatever trauma did to my brain doesn't mix well with bipolar. But that's just my assumption.I only started medication recently but so far so good and I really hope I get a few years of stability.", "link_id": "t3_fqhmps", "time": 1585408574}}
{"flqq8g7": {"text": "I'm sorry that you have to go though this. What he does is not right neither with random girls or his ex and you shouldn't be allowing for that. I know it's hard to hear but no, love shouldn't look like that. He seems like someone who didn't heal after his previous relationship and who possibly is not able to commit yet to a new one  (sexting on the side with other girls is not okay and shows lack of proper commitment) . And blaming you for his inability to deal with the situation he's creating is very immature. I know you are both very young but there's a lot of red flags here that might he difficult to address if he's not properly engaged in the relationship. He might care about you and love you but at the same time he might not be ready to build something with you. Trust me, I know from my own experiance. And relationship without trust is in most cases doomed. It requires a lot of maturity to move through  situations like that, which you possibly have, but ask yourself does he? And if this is really worth that effort?", "link_id": "t3_fqk2x1", "time": 1585403345}}
{"flqlt13": {"text": "Hi, I'm bipolar, medicated and my place has been in a lock down for two weeks already. Since last night in fact we are practically in full lock down and only brief walks with only household members not further then 2km from the house apart from essential visits ( shop, doctor, pharmacy) are allowed. It's basically house arrest. In my case I discussed with my doctor how to address rising anxiety with my medication and apart from that I make sure I have something to do, especially in the morning. Keeping up with routine is essential, I get up in the mornings as I would normally do and go for a jog to clear the head and follow it up with some exercising at home. I also make sure to throw in some relaxation session in (body scanning is good) and apart from that made myself invested into learning cooking new meals or catching up with movies etc.I am also trying to stay away from the news, only check on them every now and again cause reading up on what's going on shakes my focus and makes me nervous. I am surly on the high wave at the moment, but with medication and planning it is very controllable and mild. I know not all you partners as easy to manage but maybe some of them can use my advice. Hopefully all of this is over soon and I wish all of us strength and patience in this challenging time.", "link_id": "t3_fq4gzm", "time": 1585399475}}
{"flqjtie": {"text": "Ah the struggle right? But if you're medicated and have a good routine but it still happens maybe it's worth to look into you're anxieties (I've seen in comments you mentioned dealing with anxieties which is probably only normal for us ) . It's something that helped me after I talked to my pdoc. Tbh I I didn't even know how tense I was but I got medication to address that as well and the quality of my life together with appetite have improved greatly.", "link_id": "t3_fos244", "time": 1585397523}}
{"flqj174": {"text": "I'm sorry to hear that. This illness is hell and so difficult to deal with.", "link_id": "t3_fqhmps", "time": 1585396705}}
{"flqiqeh": {"text": "I only started medication recently and seems to work so I hope for more stability. So far so good. But before medication it felt like jumping from one mood to the other almost constantly. Maybe because of dealing with after effects never made it feel fully normal.", "link_id": "t3_fqhmps", "time": 1585396383}}
{"flohdss": {"text": "Hahaha yeah, for the first few days I was going on a hope of a bew better world coming out of it, but today I read some articles and realised it can go either way and bring some bad shit on. I suppose it's the charm of living with anxiety, some sort of dread is always present :) so hard to relax and let things be.", "link_id": "t3_fpvzzc", "time": 1585338343}}
{"flo4zpx": {"text": "I kinda agree/ kinda disagree with you. Still finding my grounding for this topic, but I certainly see where you are coming from and how there are certainly links. Where I live, psychiatrists are going away from diagnosis all together. I've got mine because I was pushing for it, but the general practice is to treat symptoms not labels as my pdoc said to me.  I was also told by my doctors that they use the diagnosis more like a guideline than a set direction of treatment because as you said so many things can overlap or develop into something different to what it was when the treatment started. So they take sympotms as they come. Might take more time to treat in this ways but it's certainly effective in my case.There's also that that according again to my pdoc, there's a lot of patients who grow too attached to their diagnosis which makes treatment and recovery harder and also patients who literally drive themselves crazy after receiving diagnosis. There are brain imbalances surly in mentally ill but our own psychology and ways of thinking can  certainly keep pushing us deeper into \"madness\" and shape it and reshape it, creating some sort of ladder effect.", "link_id": "t3_fpty28", "time": 1585331714}}
{"flnk3by": {"text": "I can relate, but today I woke up with a new sense of anxiety, worrying about the after effects of the pandemic. What the world is going to be like when it's over. And when it's going to be over.", "link_id": "t3_fpvzzc", "time": 1585320259}}
{"flnc3bh": {"text": "I'm on carbamazipine (mood stabalizer) and quetiapine (antipsychotic) and I feel like one doesn't work without the other. Antipsychotic helps me sleep better and takes the edge off (I tend to stress easily). If you haven't had an epiosde in a year it must work I think :) but if you feel too foggy maybe ask for reducing the dose ? I am only on a low dose of antipsychotic and bring it up as needed (when things seems to get shaky) and it feels right to me. I actually feel that my brain is sharper and clearer than it was in years.", "link_id": "t3_fpq3g3", "time": 1585315149}}
{"fllf522": {"text": "Hahaha :) it's the same with my partner. But I really understand where you are coming from. It feels like a limbo to me what a lot of people consider normal. Neither here or there :) I always hoped normal is somehow gently hyped and regulated happy. Now I've learn if I want to be happy I have to look for it and work on it. It can feel dull at times, but I try to focus on the good stuff, like the fact that I finally am stabled and focused enough to actually go and explore myself , see who I am beyond the illness (also a scary task but at the same time exciting, the only thing that I find discouraging sometimes is that getting to know myself at the age I am now makes me feel a little left behind but also trying to look past it. Damn Bipolar!)", "link_id": "t3_fpfcnt", "time": 1585259148}}
{"fll29xh": {"text": "To be honest, my \"normal\" friends do say that stable is more about being comfortable then happy. My partner always says most of the days for him would be a feeling of being content with some emotional sparkles. We see things differently, for us is all about emotions and moods, so it can be a difficult adjustment to loose them or have them dialed down. I was told once that happiness is something that I have to discover in myself and then work on it. It usually doesn't get triggered just like that, like it often happened for me when I was manic.Right now I am trying to rediscover myself. Besides from working on my routine I also try and look around to see where my passion is hiding. I always thought it was art or sports, because those things were well coupled with mania , but now I am trying to look beyond that and see what new I can learn about myself. It is surly not easy but I think worthwile. Hope you find something that will give you a sparkle :)", "link_id": "t3_fpfcnt", "time": 1585252282}}
{"fll0mt4": {"text": "Yea I am doing it and also am on seroquel. It does help I think. I follow a healthy diet as well and created an exercise routine that with my meds I am able to follow. At least for now. I think I just needed to vent overall. 2018 and 19 were so difficult for me in terms of this illness that I just feel a little tired of dealing with it, even though at the moment I am on the top of it. I feel stable and overall good right now despite the kg I want to loose, but there's also a bit of \"I don't wanna do it anymore\" feeling inside of me, if you know what I am saying.", "link_id": "t3_fos244", "time": 1585251391}}
{"fljmo7e": {"text": "Amazing!", "link_id": "t3_fp2u80", "time": 1585219137}}
{"fljmk87": {"text": "Happy it helped you :) what was your question if I may ask?", "link_id": "t3_fos244", "time": 1585219010}}
{"flhre1k": {"text": "Thanks. It's so nice of you. If I am being honest there's a lot behind that feeling of being lost. Not only the weight fluctuation. But the weight thing gets on my nerves recently. Thanks for being a shoulder. It certainly is not great to deal with bipolar.", "link_id": "t3_fos244", "time": 1585168079}}
{"flhq4au": {"text": "Yea it's terrible. I starve myself during mania. I actually find food as an annoyance when I'm high, because who needs food when there's so much to do. But depression, then food is the only comfort I have. I desperately crave a routine. My new set of medication seems to be working well and I have been stable recently and with help I am trying to organise myself one step at a time. Bringing on some gentle exercises and watch what I eat. It is so difficult to navigate this illness though. We are given medications that make loosing weight difficult but are not effective enough, so at the same time we have to watch to not over exercise etc because that kind of stimulation can trigger an episode. I feel like I am constantly watching myself and it's just not nice.", "link_id": "t3_fos244", "time": 1585167406}}
{"flgxprq": {"text": "I have carbamazepine daily and got low dose seroquel as needed too but after my last episode I decided to keep it as a daily medication and my doctor agreed with me. It helps me sleep better and keeps me stable and more rational than mood stabilizer on its own. It works better for me that way.", "link_id": "t3_forr5h", "time": 1585152317}}
{"flgv15c": {"text": "Awh I really like it. The blue and orange combination on this piece is very calming and her face is very peaceful.", "link_id": "t3_fokhtb", "time": 1585150851}}
{"flg4v1m": {"text": "My meds kicked in. I was on/off meds before not really letting them settle properly, but my last episode was a really bad one so I decided to stick to them. I haven't been that stable and calm inside in a good while. I'm back doing things I love, my routine is getting better: I started to jog every second day, do yoga and meditate daily, I eat better, I quit coffee, I sleep well (maybe a little too well :D ). My house is nice and tidy. I am able to be a good partner and friend again. Little wins happening with every day. I am very grateful that I was so lucky with my medication and basically got what I needed at the first trial, I know the adjustments might be needed and the ups and downs can still come, but this feels like a good start and I am hopeful again.", "link_id": "t3_fokkyt", "time": 1585130706}}
{"fl48tge": {"text": "Good luck with getting a new insurance and psychiatrist! Was your old one not right for you? I know how difficult it can be to having to work with a wrong doctor.", "link_id": "t3_fm1br2", "time": 1584808421}}
{"fl1tkw8": {"text": "Yea, one of my main concerns before I was medicated was that I will be put on so many of them that I will lose myself in another way. Hopefully that won't happen and luckily the combo I have now does the trick.", "link_id": "t3_fm1br2", "time": 1584736018}}
{"fl1t9wv": {"text": "That sounds like a lot but if it makes you stable. I was put on carbamazepine first and later quetiapine was added. First to take the edge off and was supposed to be taken off it and only use when needed, but turns out I need it all the time. Feel like those two medication together are a good combination for me so I want to stick to them. Whatever works :)", "link_id": "t3_fm1br2", "time": 1584735834}}
{"fl1pju6": {"text": "It is a truly beautiful feeling! I was very resistant if it comes to medication but now that I am on the right ones I cannot recommend them enough. Good luck to you too!", "link_id": "t3_fm1br2", "time": 1584733665}}
{"fkguboe": {"text": "From what I know these days psychiatrist concatenate and treat symptoms first. I know diagnosis can give some sort of comfort, I was sticking to mine obsessively but the reality is that your diagnosis might change a few times over next few years as they base more on what they see as you attended the visits and follow the treatment. At least that's what I was told along side with being advised to chill out. It is sometimes difficult to trust mental health professionals, I was extremely upset with them for a while feeling like they don't do their job properly, but the fact is that they do have procedures I don't know about and knowledge I don't have. I just wish sometimes they were more open about what is their plan etc , but if you keep asking questions you'll feel less in the dark. You can always seek another opinion if you want as well of course.", "link_id": "t3_fi1m31", "time": 1584174669}}
{"fjo1lik": {"text": "I just got an antipsychotic after my mood stabilizer didn't help and I had a break down. It does make me feel bit sleepy now but I feel so much better. My emotions are so much more manageable and I feel more like a human being now.Maybe it could be worth looking into?", "link_id": "t3_fegzle", "time": 1583518674}}
{"fjjl3eq": {"text": "You don't have to apologize, sometimes getting it off the chest is all we can do. I am really sorry you have to go through this :( I was only yesterday talking to my partner about the unfairness of life. And I hear you there, the landlord issues seems to be everywhere the same. I wish I could help you somehow, but all I can say is hang in there. Things will get better, just keep pushing forward.", "link_id": "t3_fdieua", "time": 1583401394}}
{"fjjjdkz": {"text": "How are you feeling at the moment? Cleaning goes faster then it seems when you are surrounded by the mess :) and two days can be plenty. Don't put yourself down. Is there anyone you can ask for help? And even if not you can do it, I believe in you :) just give yourself a chance. I understand completely how you feel and how overwhelming this illness is, but we gotta keep trying :)", "link_id": "t3_fdieua", "time": 1583398882}}
{"fjeoqr9": {"text": "I used to have more euphoria before but ever since the pain started I usually lean towards dysphoria with terrible pain in the body that doesn't really allow me to follow through on my wild ideas which is a blessing in disguise. But seems to bother my pdoc. Today I was exposed to the idea of fibromyalgia and yea I just wonder if there's any connection there.", "link_id": "t3_fd1t08", "time": 1583275715}}
{"fjeo2nw": {"text": "Would your mania present itself a little different because of the pain though? Would it lean more towards dysphoric mania? Recently I experienced manic like episode but the pain and fatigue in the body would still be there causing agitation and restlessness. It was living hell but because I was experiencing pain and fatigue, and wasn't really saying that I feel good, it felt shit tbh, my pdoc was confused with it. Now my gp said that is sounds like I have fibromyalgia and I wonder would that effect the run of my mania making it such a difficult and painful experience.Sorry for all these questions and thank you for sharing your experience. I am sorry you have to go through that, it is truly horrific.", "link_id": "t3_fd1t08", "time": 1583275317}}
{"fjej7pt": {"text": "How does it affect your manic episodes if you don't mind me asking? I have been diagnosed with a lot of illnesses recently and most of them are not something you can test so I feel quite confused. Fibro ticks all the boxes though, I developed it around two years ago and ever since the quality of my life just goes down. Stress and anxiety make it hell to me too. I was also diagnosed with bipolar and as much as I can see clearly manic episodes in the past, I haven't had one as clear recently. It could be that I just didn't experience one of course, but there were times that I did feel manic, just the presentation of it was distributed by the pain. So I wonder how does the pain contributes to your mania ? If it does?", "link_id": "t3_fd1t08", "time": 1583272701}}
{"fj7tnll": {"text": "And hugs to you to. Hang in there though, they say it can get better ;)", "link_id": "t3_fbzz1v", "time": 1583098057}}
{"fj7qce9": {"text": "Same here.  Totally relate. My wild moods made me withdraw a lot. And especially recently I often ask myself what happened to me? It's upsetting, completely not what I hoped for myself.", "link_id": "t3_fbzz1v", "time": 1583095964}}
{"fj7phw2": {"text": "I get that too. Going through a mixed episode right now and really struggling with it, especially that I also have body image issues and I don't really like being uncovered... so either way it's hell.", "link_id": "t3_fbya1v", "time": 1583095429}}
{"fj67u2l": {"text": "Thank you so much, I really appreciate your input. And yes I did notice that my sleep and energy levels started to be distributed a few weeks before the episode fully hit me. I am using emoods to track my moods since my diagnosis but for the most part I was a little inconsistent as I was struggling with accepting my illness. Now I am in a better place and hope that I can finally take control over my life back. Do you have any tips how to deal with a mixed state ? As I find it really disabling.", "link_id": "t3_fbl1qy", "time": 1583061103}}
{"fj5b3dl": {"text": "Thanks for your reply. I tried mood stabilizer in the summer but got off it soon after, deciding I don't need it (I'm freshly diagnosed). In November I entered a horrible mixed episode that is still going, 4 months now, but since the start of February I am medicated. I hoped I'll be better by now taking meds but even though my symptoms lessened, it's still difficult. I thought my meds will be adjusted but I saw my pdoc on Thursday and he decided to keep me on the same dose for another 2months, saying that we should give it more time to properly kick in. When I look back I can see low and high periods, but this mixed thing that I am going through now is something else and made me very confused. I think I experienced that before in between my highs and lows but more as a transition point than a thing of its own, if you get what I am saying. This full on mixed period is a living hell and create even more questions about my illness than I already had.", "link_id": "t3_fbl1qy", "time": 1583028487}}
{"fj483xb": {"text": "Omg 8months ? I am currently 4 months in. There are better and worse day but overall it's hell. Wish I knew how to deal with it. Started medication 1 month ago and hoping it will kick in soon.", "link_id": "t3_fbg1ke", "time": 1583002420}}
{"fj3fw17": {"text": "Same here. I get extremely obsessive. And often feels like the obsession is the fuel for all the other symptoms. My mind races thinking about it, I won't shut up about it, can't sleep cos I'm so engaged, can't eat . The excitement and intensity is out of the roof. And then I drop it as soon as the wave is gone. All the things that our disorder makes us do.", "link_id": "t3_f7hpuh", "time": 1582982228}}
{"fj39qx4": {"text": "I think it is. One of the symptoms of hypomania is a goal oriented activity and obsession usually in its weird way is goal oriented. I think anyway. You know if you're obsessively digging for an information and researching for days or you want to loose weight and you put all your focus into it. Or when you want to start a business and you obsessively plan it so you can start it in a week instead of carefully think about it for months. The drive and motivation of hypomania brings it to the point of obsession. That's my take on it anyway.", "link_id": "t3_f7hpuh", "time": 1582974621}}
{"fj385k2": {"text": "I know how you feel. My mental illness has become my obsession in last year and I also feel like noone wants to talk to me or like me anymore because it's intense and uncomfortable for most people.", "link_id": "t3_fb62kx", "time": 1582972254}}
{"fj22fmy": {"text": "Oh definitely until dawn!", "link_id": "t3_fb28vg", "time": 1582932947}}
{"fj1zod3": {"text": "I have not ! I have to check them out !", "link_id": "t3_fb28vg", "time": 1582931369}}
{"fj1u6qj": {"text": "Love jigsaw puzzle too, the more pieces the better. Only when hyped though :)", "link_id": "t3_fb28vg", "time": 1582927857}}
{"fj1u159": {"text": "I agree with you! I definitely believe in self educating and obviously trying to actively work on your issues, also by researching them. I just think when people self diagnose, they too often hold on to that too much and have a hard time keeping an open mind and forgetting that there's more to a diagnosis then the criteria (especially in case of BPD) .  But I, of course, can only talk from my own experience.Personally, I believe that mental health services need a transformation. The fact, that in many places psychologists/ therapists don't work hand in hand with psychiatrists, that therapy is way too often not \"prescribed\" together with medication , I think it's a big error causing a lot of issues in the filed.", "link_id": "t3_farjpi", "time": 1582927753}}
{"fj05qns": {"text": "It's a tricky one because mental health professionals don't always seem to be up to a proper standard. Yet I finally found one that is actually very good at his job and when he explained to me the mechanics of proper diagnosis and that the symptoms criteria is only one of the steps to make a proper diagnosis and not all that matters, it widen my eyes. There's so much overlap between conditions and such a variety in presentation; all that professionals have been studying to be able to see a bigger picture. I, myself, am guilty of trying to self diagnose. I know it delayed my treatment for me cos I thought I knew it better and I was afraid of misdiagnosis, if I am being completely honest. It did provide some insight into myself, that's for sure, but for the most part was confusing and I would consider, in my own case, harmful. Yesterday, after a while of push and pull with my pdoc, I received my diagnosis and it's not what I expected but after they walked me through it and showed me evidence and explained how they came up with that ( I am very stubborn like that) I cannot argue with them and it really hit the spot, perfectly explaining what's going on with me. For a while I have been terribly frustrated with my doctors thinking that they don't know what they are doing and feeling like I need to do their job for them. Today I know how wrong I was and that they listened and observed for the whole time. It just takes time and I think that's what we often forget, because we suffer so much and when we get to see a professional we hope for a relief, while it turns out to only be a bottom of another hill that we have to climb. It can be exhausting and discouraging. Anyway, in my country psychiatrist are going away from labels and concentrating on the symptoms, which considering similarities between so many conditions I think is a smart move.", "link_id": "t3_farjpi", "time": 1582890145}}
{"fizuk7w": {"text": "I have been depressed/mixed for so long that I feel like I deserve a little bit of happy bubbly hypomania :) so can definitely relate to how you feel.", "link_id": "t3_fapjn9", "time": 1582875315}}
{"fiyzr8o": {"text": "Yea taking a step back can be good but personally I wouldn't turn my back on it . But that's me . Dunno how your disorders affect you, but I got striped of everything and don't even know who I am while I let them run loose. Turned 29 yesterday and looking back at my twenties I feel like I didn't live much there, bouncing between drugs, alcohol and desperate regretful adventures, anything that would silence that never ending scream inside me. Decided this year for a change I try to listen and go for treatment and hope my 30 will start and go better. Best of luck to you too.", "link_id": "t3_fa3ycr", "time": 1582850735}}
{"fiyyi5p": {"text": "No problem. I can relate to your frustration. After years of struggles, when you finally go to see professionals all you want is to learn what's going on and feel validated. Unfortunately it is not what we get due to complexity of mental illness. I wish psychiatrist and psychologist were working hand in hand, in my country they are not and I feel like it's slowing down the process and often leaves patients frustrated. Despite my clearly traumatic past and very distressing symptoms that I have no idea how to cope with, I still wasn't offered a therapist by my psychiatric clinic, which means I have to found one privately which is barely affordable for me. It can be off putting to say the least . But after fighting with psychiatrist for a year I finally gave in as I need medication and realized that in their own, wouldn't say the best way but they are doing they job. Most cases. And if they are nice while they do it, then happy days :) Don't get discouraged! And keep reporting all your symptoms during each visit. And keep watching Dr. Fox. He is wonderful, I wish I could work with him. He has so much compassion and is so motivating.", "link_id": "t3_fa35ba", "time": 1582849901}}
{"fiyizoc": {"text": "I was told that the nine symptoms criteria are only 1 of (I think) 4 steps evaluation process. Having traits can put you on a spectrum but it doesn't make it a disorder. There are other requirements for that to happen. There are videos on YouTube by Dr. Daniel Fox who is an expert in personality disorders and he explains BPD very well but also shows the difference between traits and the disorder :) I have all nine traits which can be quite severe at times but I don't fit the other requirements so I am not officially BPD. After a year I was finally told that I have Bipolar Disorder with Borderline traits. I can totally understand how you feel though. It sounds like the psych lady was very nice and actually did validate what you said. A lot of people self diagnose (me including) following the criteria and forgetting or not knowing that doctors have special procedures to follow to make sure they give out proper diagnosis and treatment (still often fail). I was the same and I felt very angry at times, once even stopping my treatment because I was so frustrated and felt like they don't listen to me. (In fairness, my experience with psychiatrist is that they are actually not great at communicating, which is odd considering who they are working with. )But when I finally decided to confront them and went in, armed with my notes and questions. They turned out to be very nice and informative and proved that they have been listing and observing all along. After receiving my diagnosis and explanation to it, I feel like they hit the spot. But it did take a full year. So be patient :) and keep working on it :)", "link_id": "t3_fa35ba", "time": 1582840332}}
{"fiyep7y": {"text": "Hey I was initially diagnosed bipolar. On my last visit suggested BPD. Today received an updated diagnosis of Bipolar disorder with borderline traits. I am on both spectrums but at this moment they don't think my BPD is a full blown disorder and after talking to them neither do I. I had a great doctor who explained to me what's what and how the two disorders overlap and impact each other. I was also told that in my clinic they treat symptoms, so the name doesn't really matter as much. I know that I cannot do without medication, but I was resisting for years. Now after I destroyed everything I could, I am ready to admit I was wrong :)edit: I was relating more to my BPD diagnosis though as it feels like on different severity but I struggle with those traits daily, while Bipolar felt like that random thing that happens here and there. Now I know that in fact it is my bipolar episodes that impact my BPD traits making their severity go up and down. I got a great explanation as before neither Bipolar or BPD was fully fitting, but Bipolar with traits actually sounds like a perfect fit.", "link_id": "t3_fa3ycr", "time": 1582837967}}
{"fixy4lj": {"text": "Thanks !", "link_id": "t3_fafytj", "time": 1582828717}}
{"fixxfsj": {"text": "Thanks. I started my medication only a month ago in the midst of a mixed episode. Now I am depressed. My pdoc and people around me say that it works because the manic symptoms are gone and apparently over the next few weeks the depression will go away too or at least it won't be as overwhelming. I am hopeful :) I will try to look at my diagnosis that way but it's kinda hard, my brain really kicks into denial. It will take some time I suppose. I'm starting therapy tomorrow so I hope it will help too.", "link_id": "t3_fafytj", "time": 1582828322}}
{"fixwutb": {"text": "I just turned 29 yesterday and when I was looking back at my twenties in a moment of reflection I just realized what a shit show that was. I feel so tired of it. I went through a number of diagnosis, pulling in and out of treatment since I was 18. I've been diagnosed by 4 different people in the span of last year though and all of them seem to be in agreement, especially that apparently during one of my visits I was clearly manic. And today my pdoc showed me how I clearly moved from depression to mania to little moment of stability to mixed episode and now I am back feeling depressed. The whole cycle over a full year, hitting all the criteria as I go. He showed me my own reports of how I felt and description of how I was perceived so their evidence seemed solid enough. It's just so very upsetting. And I get what you're saying here. My mental illness keeps me in pieces. I have lost so much. I decided to really commit this time though, give myself a proper try, I deserve as much and hopefully I'll enter my 30 feeling stronger and more aware of myself. Thank you so much for your reply!", "link_id": "t3_fafytj", "time": 1582828023}}
{"fiqt4yc": {"text": "For me it's like a wounded doe (female deer , sorry English isn't my first language so I don't know if it's obvious) . Blinded and hurting and running ahead, pushing everything and everyone away in the despair. So fragile and so innocent in its form, but consumed by fear and lack of control.", "link_id": "t3_f9c9kr", "time": 1582651263}}
{"fiqodtm": {"text": "I nearly did the travelling connected with disappearing a few years back. After my most obssesive relationship so far ended, I was devastated and completely lost. I decided to leave the country and travel through Europe, claiming that I'm an orphan and cut all the the ties with my family. I organized places to stay through couch surfing and workaway websites and my last stop was supposed to be Caribbean village where I wanted to engage into environmental work! I nearly did it, but the same patterns that made me plan all that in the end pulled me back . I kinda regret I didn't go through with it and it still comes back to my mind :)", "link_id": "t3_f94yv9", "time": 1582648588}}
{"fioraox": {"text": "From what I know it takes them around 5 appointments to make up their minds but they could give you something what I think it's called \"working diagnosis\" which is like an initial, probable diagnosis to start somewhere. Usually they prescribe medications that are targeting the most urgent symptoms and then add on to it, whatever other tools/medication they consider helpful. I was told by my own doctors to not get too attached to the diagnosis because the label is not important as long as we work progressively on the symptoms and I find it logical, even though I found labelling comforting to myself. Initially I was diagnosed with bipolar and now they mentioned that it's probably BPD. I was a little bit shocked and terrified at first, because of the stigma but in the end it seems to make a free therapy possible for me which I wasn't offered when diagnosed bipolar, so now I'm kinda happy with it.", "link_id": "t3_f8zfc9", "time": 1582589151}}
{"figzud6": {"text": "I also have days like that. Wouldn't say I'm not symptomatic at all, but yea the symptoms are so mild that hardly noticeable . Unfortunately it doesn't last for too long.", "link_id": "t3_f7x60t", "time": 1582405007}}
{"fifr83v": {"text": "I am interested what others will say too. From my own understanding I think the presentation of symptoms can vary from person to person and so can intensity as we are all different. I have two friends diagnosed and myself and without carefully analysing us it wouldn't be necessarily obvious we are struggling with the same disorder. In fact we were diagnosed one by one and even when talking to each other about it, it never fully clicked that \"oh hey, I struggle with that too.\" As to the second question, I've heard many things but personally think that on some level and if engaged in some sort of self development work (therapy, mindfulness etc)  then yes , we can. Like this Reddit proves that we are cable of insight, but at the same time there are things connected to the disorder that will certainly challenge our perspective.", "link_id": "t3_f7vd49", "time": 1582392487}}
{"fibo485": {"text": "I cried because we didn't have electricity for a few hours due to some works being done on that day but I forgot about it and wanted to make myself porridge. When I realised I can't have it, I broke into tears and fell on my knees on the floor. Also there was a lot of stuff happening in my life at the time, but it was just such a crazy reaction.", "link_id": "t3_f7hx05", "time": 1582326199}}
{"fibneum": {"text": "I am on Tegretol which is a mood stabilizer as well and for some reason I'm having hard time to admit it but I think it works. I'm into my 3rd week now and I have to say my mood swings are less frequent and less intense and I have way better impulse and anger Control. It's not completely gone but I haven't felt overwhelmed in last few days and for me that's progress :) I was even able to keep up my gentle exercise routine for full two weeks and counting and I'm less obsessive and intense, which makes me feel generally better about myself and hopeful. The downside is that I am very tired but I hope it will go away.", "link_id": "t3_f7ido2", "time": 1582325743}}
{"fibfruu": {"text": "Well done for confronting your anxiety though! I know it's not what you wanted to hear but it sounds like you handled it well. Yeah you have to figure that out. But from my own experience, non labeled relationships can be very hard for people who do easily attach themselves like we do:)", "link_id": "t3_f7be4y", "time": 1582321022}}
{"fibfpu6": {"text": "Well done for confronting your anxiety though! I know it's not what you wanted to hear but it sounds like you handled it well. Yeah you have to figure that out. But from my own experience, non labeled relationships can be very hard for people who do easily attach themselves like we do:)", "link_id": "t3_f7be4y", "time": 1582320989}}
{"fibel5r": {"text": "I think you're quite right that your ex has a cluster B disorder. And most probably is not very aware of that. I think you handled the break up very well and staying away will be advisable.She could have left for any of the reasons. It could have been the insecurity after you opening up with your concerns or 'stronger connection' , which just sounds like a dodgy relationship, unfortunately I know too well that someone who's emotionality unavailable or showing up red flags often gives the rush of adrenaline that in the past I mistakenly took for passion and spark. I myself struggle with BPD and it's not easy to get under control, but possible if the willingness is there. I'm sorry you had to go through this.", "link_id": "t3_f7fpvf", "time": 1582320323}}
{"fiauxhi": {"text": "Yea I do it constantly myself. Sometimes I'm lucky and it wears off, sometimes I explode :( just try to talk to him about it and be honest about how you feel. Acknowledging my emotions has been great help in managing them for me.", "link_id": "t3_f7be4y", "time": 1582308883}}
{"fiaroiv": {"text": "Also as I already mentioned we are all very different and to make things more complicated we respond differently. What you said there about your ex reminded me of my close friend who also has this disorder. With her it sometimes feels like I can talk myself to death and it will still not reach her. She's also way more aggressive than me and what works with me doesn't always work with her.", "link_id": "t3_f76mew", "time": 1582307080}}
{"fiaq4zd": {"text": "I do a lot of yoga and mindfulness. There are teachings saying that everything is just a projection of yourself and if I am being honest it was a huge revelation for me when I've heard it first. Ever since I started to look at myself closely and was a bit shocked with the discovery. Delusions and dissociation can make the recovery harder and longer though. I did some actual therapy too, so I'm hoping it helps.Hmm... Even though people with BPD share the disorder, well we are still very different and present different symptoms differently. For me acknowledging and validating my feelings is a huge help and makes me come back to myself faster. My partner also tries very hard to reassure me during discussion so I know he's not trying to attack me, for some people it's obvious, but I do have to be reminded. And sometimes he just removes himself, when he sees that I'm in a bad mind space and I'm not listening to what he says, he just politely ends discussion before it escalates. What I found very helpful for me was that he also set boundaries from the start. There was no texting all the time , spending every hour together etc. It was difficult and there was more arguments because of that at the start but at the same time he kept showing me his love in other ways and explaining like to a kid that he loves me and cares about me. Now I kind of settled but still need his reassurance every day and sometimes get angry but no raging. I have a lot of meltdowns though and identity crisis. I'm in general more of a desperate then raging type if you know what I mean. I don't know if what I'm saying is of any help, it's quite hard to summarize it to be honest :)", "link_id": "t3_f76mew", "time": 1582306225}}
{"fiabuvt": {"text": "Some are more important then others. From some I move quickly and not necessarily forget about them but become indifferent. The most standing out is the traumatic one , because neither of us was healthy and my ex partner brought me to my limits and I was terrified to see myself like that but because he brought me to this place with the way he treated me I split on him bad. I have never felt so much hate and basically thought of him as if he was a devil. I was obsessed with revenge and that also only clicked a few months after the break up ( we were engaged, a month before wedding). I hated him and everything about him. The other one that stands out is first guy who showed me real kindness and compassion. I had traumatic upbringing so it was big for me. He was good and he tried to stand behind his word. It made me obssesed and tbh after he broke up with me I only became more obssesed and delusional, believing that we're meant to be and that he'll be back. We stayed friends after the break up and we still are friends, even though when my delusion started to wear off and he got a new gf,  I had a few splitting moments with him. He lives abroad now which makes it easier for me to handle but sometimes think that maybe I should completely cut him out of my life as sometimes when we talk I still get a wave of that obsessivness. Like it's still there. back in the day I got lost in him completely to be honest and thought of him as if he was a god. Yea, I still get those flashbacks of past relationships but my current partner is amazingly understanding and we have wonderful communication between us which makes everything easier. I find that my symptoms as hard as they can be on both sides, are possible to manage and communication and compassion in a relationship is something that really flips things around.", "link_id": "t3_f76mew", "time": 1582297754}}
{"fiabq19": {"text": "Some are more important then others. From some I move quickly and not necessarily forget about them but become indifferent. The most standing out is the traumatic one , because neither of us was healthy and my ex partner brought me to my limits and I was terrified to see myself like that but because he brought me to this place with the way he treated me I split on him bad. I have never felt so much hate and basically thought of him as if he was a devil. I was obsessed with revenge and that also only clicked a few months after the break up ( we were engaged, a month before wedding). I hated him and everything about him. The other one that stands out is first guy who showed me real kindness and compassion. I had traumatic upbringing so it was big for me. He was good and he tried to stand behind his word. It made me obssesed and tbh after he broke up with me I only became more obssesed and delusional, believing that we're meant to be and that he'll be back. We stayed friends after the break up and we still are friends, even though when my delusion started to wear off and he got a new gf,  I had a few splitting moments with him. He lives abroad now which makes it easier for me to handle but sometimes think that maybe I should completely cut him out of my life as sometimes when we talk I still get a wave of that obsessivness. Like it's still there. back in the day I got lost in him completely to be honest and thought of him as if he was a god. Yea, I still get those flashbacks of past relationships but my current partner is amazingly understanding and we have wonderful communication between us which makes everything easier. I find that my symptoms as hard as they can be on both sides, are possible to manage and communication and compassion in a relationship is something that really flips things around.", "link_id": "t3_f76mew", "time": 1582297670}}
{"fia7h15": {"text": "For me, as much as I'm not proud of it, I set a pattern of moving from a relationship to a relationship. I never thought it was intentional, never felt like I was looking for someone, yet always would end up in a relationship a few weeks later. And yea, I do that thing where it feels like the relationship never happened. I don't necessarily hate my exes or feel like they don't exist for me or I don't feel sad. I do. In fact, I think I feel so sad directly after the break up that I dissociate and detach from it. It keeps coming back: difficult emotions and memories of it  months and sometimes years after the break up. Haunting me. Many times I found myself crying over a relationship that ended ages ago while I already was seeing and committed to someone else. It's crazy, but I had no idea why and how it was happening until now.I just cannot deal with stress and difficult emotions and I suppose it's a way to cope.", "link_id": "t3_f76mew", "time": 1582294901}}
{"fi9uai9": {"text": "Yep, I do that too. There's just a part of me that is aware of my disfunctionality and really just wants to give in to it. I try so hard to be 'normal' but sometimes I feel tired of it. Not many know what I've been up to in my darkest moments.", "link_id": "t3_f787sy", "time": 1582282616}}
{"fi8en7u": {"text": "From my own experience, and I think as a person with the disorder, I am in a very good and loving relationship at the moment. The best thing my current partner did was that he actually showed me his boundaries and expectations at the start, when I told him about my mental struggles. He's always very loving and reassuring, but at the same time strong and confident in himself. He started to react to my bullshit as soon as it started to show (and unfortunately it usually is sooner then later ) but never pushes anything at me but encourages me, never reacts to my overreactions, he asks to explain what I feel and how I feel and gives me space when need. It seems to come to him very intuitively. The main thing is that he tries not to take me personally when I go bit crazy and reminds himself that I suffer and if necessary removes himself from the situation before it gets too far. I have to say now that I wrote it down, I am even more amazed with him. It's been the best and healthiest relationship I've been in and one that allowed me to really have a hard look at myself and see that the issues are in me and seek help and more importantly feel like I am ready to receive help :)", "link_id": "t3_f70t5z", "time": 1582238831}}
{"fi8bywd": {"text": "It's do upsetting. Making the already hard battle, even harder", "link_id": "t3_f6z4a9", "time": 1582237324}}
{"fi43h3a": {"text": "I don't have an easy access to therapy and doctors myself and recently was advised by a friend to check this website out:https://lp.talkspace.com/try/online-therapy I haven't tried it yet, so I am not sure if it's any good. But maybe it can help :) I think the first step for you is to talk to a therapist to see how to best go about your issues :)", "link_id": "t3_f6dpzy", "time": 1582133215}}
{"fi42q1x": {"text": "Maybe you should talk to a professional about it ?  As there's surly something going on with you that would be good to monitor.", "link_id": "t3_f6dpzy", "time": 1582132779}}
{"fi42i8d": {"text": "I do that too. If I come up with a project I get totally obssesed with it and devote my whole self to it. I give 200% and usually burn myself out during it :( But it gives me a kick and some sort of aggressive motivation and weird excitement. Unfortunately it can be quite destructive for me as I shuffle everything aside. I think it has something to do with my self of identity, or the lack of it. I desperately need something that will help me define myself somehow.", "link_id": "t3_f6dqq1", "time": 1582132651}}
{"fi3hus8": {"text": "*Triggers Warning, talking about suicide*hi, I am new to this thread and diagnosis but reading the posts here and seeing I'm not alone has been huge help. This week I am going through a lot of anger and depressive feelings. I feel like I cannot find myself in the world and within. There were also some situations in last few days that reminded me of my wedding that never happened because I got dumped a month before it, after yet another fight I started. (The whole relationship was troublesome on both sides and it brought me to a breakdown and unleashed the worst in me). Thinking about it makes me snap at my current bf, who's nothing but patience and understanding and I couldn't ask for a better person to have by my side.Next week it would also be my father's 50th birthday, who most probably was also BPD, but he took his life before getting diagnosis. It makes me think about him and my life with him, which was a roller coaster, yet I loved him a lot and can understand what he was dealing with. .And on the top of that my therapist decided not to continue working with me, because I am very bad at committing to things :( So it's tough week, I try to cope with yoga and relaxation techniques and a lot of rest.  I am only new to all of that and I hope my pdoc will refer me to some therapy and DBT but he doesn't seem to be eager and prefers to drug me with medication. Sigh.", "link_id": "t3_f6actv", "time": 1582119414}}
{"fhx54i8": {"text": "I think it's more due to higher awareness. People actually looking for help. It's still not necessarily view as normal to look after your mental health for many, but the numbers are growing. I know in my own country, a generation or two ago wouldn't even know how to get around it. Mental hospitals were only for psychotic people. People were struggling for after war PTSD and communism , creating disfunctional families but noone would have questioned that. I think as a country we still suffer the after effects of that but luckily therapy options and mental clinics are more available this days.", "link_id": "t3_f57t2b", "time": 1581944903}}
{"fhss09n": {"text": "I think BPD is more reactive then bipolar. Bipolar is chemical imbalance that can be triggered by stress but can also show up for no reason at all. BPD is a reaction to the environment but also your own thoughts. I can be in a really high spirit but if my mind spirals into dark places (and my mind is always thinking about something) it can trigger my moods and send me into bad mood, or frustration and hostility, with no warning. I constantly keep thinking about my past, my past relationships, or fantasies about future ones and how I can be happy when feeling loved and stable. I was initially diagnosed bipolar, but recently was told by my pdoc that he thinks it's BPD . My episodes can surly look like cycling, because I've been trying to work on myself for a while now and started to remove possible triggers and learned some relaxation techniques, that on the daily basis can help, but when my insecurities kick properly in and stress levels go up I still go crazy and my traits intensify loads, especially impulsivity that can look like bipolar. But when I tracked down my decisions and moods I had to face the reality that it's not bipolar and my doc is right. It wasn't easy to accept, especially after reading all the stigmatising and difficult opinions about people with borderline. What helped me see if it was actually bipolar or bpd was when I tracked down my supposedly hypomanic states, and when I realized that what I though could have been hypomania wasn't and that my mood was still fluctuating too much during those periods and most importantly the excitement was rooted in a new relationship that made me more hyped and excited. The issue for me with my disorder is that it often leads me to denial and pushing aside what I don't like, so my memories fit my narrative. My reality can be confusing for myself, so I had to do proper digging, researching and interviewing the few people that are still close to me to get a better picture of my myself.", "link_id": "t3_f4q91k", "time": 1581864562}}
{"fhsj0vx": {"text": "I wish I knew. I still have my childhood friends but I think it's only because I live abroad. As bad as it sounds even with that it's tough and I get excited about them maybe once a year and then I go visit, so I feel like they have totally unrealistic view of me at the moment. Otherwise I have no friends. I know people, I usually get to know people when I get triggered and I go on drinking/drug adventures and my social side kicks in, but they are normally not people I want to be friends with long term or from whom I withdraw after my more depressive/anxious side kicks in because for the most part they are as unstable as me (danger zone) . I feel like having so many sides myself makes it really hard to create and maintain friendship, cos it's hard to find something to bond over. One thing that sticks with my identity is mental issues but rarely people want to bond over that :)", "link_id": "t3_f4h83g", "time": 1581861519}}
{"fhs3sfa": {"text": "Probably some predisposition, I certainly was showing traits as a child and teen. Interesting enough, even though my life was filled with abuse and trauma, my own personal most terrible memory was when my mam left to work abroad , I was only a few years old but the feeling of abandonment, the disappointed, the loneliness that showed up on that day. That stayed with me till this day. Feeling of not being wanted and loved. Till today my relationship with my mam is difficult. I just cannot get through that wall to reconnect with her, even though I understand why she had to do it.", "link_id": "t3_f4jxru", "time": 1581852403}}
{"fhq6mpu": {"text": "Hi, I've been through rough time myself recently and even though it might not be the best technique for the long run it helped when in the midst of madness. Maybe try to remove yourself from any stressful situations for the moment . Get a few days off, clear your head. Try to track down what triggered your symptoms to go up and maybe talk it through with your wife. I find that during more difficult times a bit of extra reassurance can do wonders for me. But the most important try to relax, watch a movie, go for a walk, something enjoyable that will level your head, but keep it up for a few days. I was told that it's harder to come back to baseline if you struggle with borderline, so one walk ain't enough to clear your head :)", "link_id": "t3_f4ecjm", "time": 1581800005}}
{"fhph7kz": {"text": "Yes, sure you can PM me if you have any questions, I'll be happy to help if I am able to.", "link_id": "t3_f4azup", "time": 1581789543}}
{"fhp8vof": {"text": "Yea I understand, overthinking is a trait of any mental illness I think. And I understand your concern, I had a 3months episode like that, that actually is going to result in my diagnosis being changed from bipolar to bpd. But that episode for me only uncovered a pattern of behaviours and traits that I wasn't willing to see, but are persistent in my life. BPD needs 9 traits to be diagnosed, did you check them out to see if you can relate ?  They say that bpd onset happens in early adulthood, but from my own experience and from reading here about it , most people would show at least some signs before the officially accepted onset time (they don't want to diagnose teens). You do have to take into account as well that stress plays a huge role in our bodies and can leave us devastated. Highly emotional episodes are exhausting to the body and it probably costed your body a lot of energy to deal with it, adding a strong medication to it only makes everything more confused inside. At least before things get straight again, so give yourself time and relax. I'd say you're still frigial after the episode and it will show up here and there.But if you have more concerns it's best to talk to the professional :) Sorry to hear that you had to go through all that, hope things will get brighter for you soon.", "link_id": "t3_f4azup", "time": 1581784416}}
{"fhp4nzd": {"text": "Well to me it sounds like reasonable reasons to dislike those places. What have you been diagnosed with ? strong reactions to stress, especially crying can be related to many other mental issues.", "link_id": "t3_f4azup", "time": 1581781835}}
{"fhnnhmq": {"text": "I'm so happy for you. Communication makes such a difference!My partner is so patient and understanding, even though he doesn't have bdp, but he tries so hard to understand and respond in the least affecting me way. When he sees me boil he'll remove himself from the situation, letting me calm down and then we can discuss the issue. He knows I respond strongly, so he allows me to process my feelings first and then asks what can he do, to not make it happen again. Or we're working through situations trying to figure out how I can go about my day in a healthier way. It's amazing, it makes me feel so much better and our relationship feels, well healthy, even though I know it's still not easy to be with me. My previous relationship was a proper war zone, where I threw stuff at my partner, and yelled a lot and my symptoms were at their highest and I felt like I was never calming down. It was horrible experience, and left me drained and destroyed, but a lot of it came from lack of communication, him constantly poking me, when I felt most vulnerable. Not that it excuses my behaviour. I am far from saying that ! Yet I can see a difference, and I appreciate my current partner so much and couldn't be more grateful for him.", "link_id": "t3_f3xnz9", "time": 1581729301}}
{"fhnlt7y": {"text": "Your post is expression of my soul. I also feel not validated because I've been highly functional for too long. Because I try to be nice to people and not show my ugly side wherever I go. Because I suffer in silence. Because I destroy my life time after time and then I cover the tracks, burn bridges and make crazy stories. Noone knows me. Noone sees me. But it is all there. All the pain and all the madness.Sometimes I just want to give in, follow my urges. Get high, drink and fuck myself to death. As bad as it sounds, but those are the urges. Not care anymore and turn into the tornado that lives inside me. But I've lived with someone who did that and it wasn't pretty and it hurt and scarred a lot of people, including me and I wouldn't want to be this to anyone , especially not the ones I love. Keep fighting, you are a warrior!", "link_id": "t3_f40lbj", "time": 1581728534}}
{"fhnk6cx": {"text": "I feel you. My father probably was bdp and committed suicide. But he was a confusing and abusive person. With all the love and all the hate you can imagine, left me and my sister scattered. My whole life I tried all I could to not be like him, even though I could sense a similar darkness creeping on me. Sometimes it's hard to not just give in, but we have to keep fighting!", "link_id": "t3_f40lbj", "time": 1581727826}}
{"fhi9rjp": {"text": "I was also worried that bringing a list might be weird, but then I thought to myself that they're there to deal with all sorts of weird! Anything that can help you express yourself better and get a proper treatment is a way to go!Best of luck to you too !", "link_id": "t3_f3c9of", "time": 1581620496}}
{"fhi0uco": {"text": "Yea I feel the same. My weight constantly fluctuates, because I overeat and then starve myself and cannot break the cycle. I live abroad and my childhood girl friends are very much into girly stuff and dieting and all that jazz so I find it very difficult as I worry that if I don't look certain way they wouldn't want to be my friends. I know it's stupid way of thinking and they've been with me through so much other stuff and know that I have some serious mental issues, that how I look is the smallest of their concerns. Yet I cannot shake it off, to the point that recently I didn't fly over for a visit as at the moment my weight has gone up again ! It's madness. I also attach certain ways of being to certain weights. I have my favourite number and when I hit it, I'm more outgoing and less anxious.", "link_id": "t3_f3c5l5", "time": 1581615594}}
{"fhhzcx8": {"text": "From my own experience I would suggest to write a list. They will asses you based on a test (at least that's what happened to me and from what I've heard from others) . Looking on your overall symptoms. Those test are not really directed on personality disorders though, from what I know, and can be quite confusing. So having a list of things that you're struggle with and find troublesome will be of a great help. I went completely unprepared and ended up with bipolar diagnosis, which now, after doing some research, I know it's wrong. During the assessment my brain went foggy and I got completely confused as I struggle with describing myself in any way and I found myself wanting the consultant to like me and trying to answer in a way that pleased her instead of focusing on my actual symptoms. I think it says a lot. Now I have digged through my journals, messanger conversations and interviewed the few people that still want to be friends with me to try to pin down my behaviours and describe them as accurately as possible for my next appointment!", "link_id": "t3_f3c9of", "time": 1581614745}}
{"fhh3v6c": {"text": "Oh my, I relate a lot! I post random stuff here, or social media or messanger. If I find something amusing or cool etc, I just cannot stop myself. I also do that thing with the sounds. My partner thinks it's amusing. Even though recently he spotted a lot of similarities in my and my 3years old nephew behaviours. Ouch.  I have never made that connection, but I also do like going back to 90 (that's when my abuse started) and enjoy the style and anything related. That's crazy!", "link_id": "t3_f35fkf", "time": 1581592552}}
{"fhg0hfy": {"text": "Thanks for the advice, but I've done it all together with therapy, mindfulness courses and yoga and relaxation techniques and breathing exercises etc etc etc. It help in some ways, but didn't in others. Still, last time I got under pressure I reorganized my life (putting myself under more pressure) and developed psychosis, that basically drained my energy as almost every day for weeks I feared for my life blinded by delusion and couldn't shake that off. Unfortunately, I have tendencies for psychotic features so my pdoc says that medication is strongly recommended in my case. Maybe one day, I'll be able to get off them. I really hope so, but after what I just went through, it's rather more in the future, as tbh my brain just added to my trauma. I have seen people posting about medication here, so I just simply wanted to see if anyone has experience with this specific medication and it's effects.", "link_id": "t3_f2ydfq", "time": 1581555697}}
{"fham9pr": {"text": "It's terrible and I agree, I closely know 3people with the disorder, one on a very close level. And all of them are on a different level of the spectrum. The person closes to me is just someone who suffers. She meets the criteria but her anger is not explosive, even though strong and hard to control. She swallows it as she herself experienced abuse from bdp. Sometimes she lets out a bitter comment or have some issues with showing warmth but overcomes it and mainly directs it at her. She texts a lot checking if she's loved and making sure she's not going to be abandoned, which can be tiring, but not abusive. She allows me to have my life, she even pushes me to go see my friends although I know it's not always easy for her. She has suicidal thoughts that scare her, probably more then me, but she seeks professional help for that.  She cries a lot, but her story is not easy, I can understand. Sometimes her emotions are strong, her anxiety eats her up, or excitement makes her feel silly. But she communicate , the best she can. She has difficulties connecting with people and her mother and it's very difficult for her. Life with her is not easy, cos her pain shines through, but to say she has not empathy or manipulates ? Those are not even criteria of the disorder. Yes she gets confused, her memory is not always there because she dissociate, but again she communicate. She lets me check the facts, she makes sure she doesn't hurt anyone. She feels for everyone who suffers.  And she shows a lot of love and compassion . Still she meets the criteria. I understand that a lot of bdp people suffer and translate it into absue, but if you check criteria one of them is not \"being a monster\". I personally know people without bdp or any disorder in fact who's been way worse and way less self reflective then she is . For the most part, from what I see she struggles with herself the most.", "link_id": "t3_eghsba", "time": 1581417814}}
{"fh7gwqa": {"text": "Yea me neither. Probably that's why my first diagnosis was bipolar. For the most part I can more or less manage my symptoms ( don't destroy my life daily) and maybe would classify myself more on the quite side but under stress I go wild, so I tried to reduce stress which proved to be very disabling. But yea because of the intensity of my emotions under stress it almost felt like cycling.", "link_id": "t3_f1g7dh", "time": 1581331266}}
{"fh7gegu": {"text": "Well all those things I am accustomed with so might as well give it a chance :) It's just so shocking to me because, from my understanding of the condition and dealing with those traits bdp people are people who daily deal with great pain. I know I do. So reading all the horrible stories and see how we're being painted by others it's saddening to me.", "link_id": "t3_f1g7dh", "time": 1581330511}}
{"fh7g7hr": {"text": "Thanks for that. Especially the edit. I am in a loving, carrying relationship with a wonderful person at the moment and things seem to be going good. I still have some difficult responses but for the most part I try very hard and we are happy together and I just want to believe it can last.", "link_id": "t3_f1g7dh", "time": 1581330221}}
{"fh4jvjq": {"text": "Some of bdp actually do actively work on themselves too. Communicate their needs, attend therapy and medicate if needed. Pleased don't forget that in many cases these are deeply wounded people, that experience very difficult and hard to control symptoms.", "link_id": "t3_f199xy", "time": 1581279393}}
{"fgtc82n": {"text": "I am exactly the same. I also start to lie ever so slightly, almost as if I was trying to cover some symptoms with exaggerating others. I ended up with bipolar diagnosis because of that, but deep inside I knew it's not that from the start. Now I discovered bpd and I have no doubts I have it but I don't know how to share with my pdoc that I haven't been exactly honest and pricise when it comes to my symptoms. I decided to write down what I struggle with (without saying I think I am bdp) and be brutally honest about it and next time I go to see my doctor I am going to give him that instead of trying to explain myself. Hopefully it will help me get proper diagnosis.", "link_id": "t3_f0260j", "time": 1581102471}}
{"fgql9lk": {"text": "Ah thanks for that. I will do.", "link_id": "t3_ezza1v", "time": 1581026351}}
{"fgqkr41": {"text": "No, I'm in Europe.", "link_id": "t3_ezza1v", "time": 1581026073}}
{"fgqj1ig": {"text": "Well it's all closed now, that's why I ask here. The soonest I'll have any professional help is tomorrow morning.", "link_id": "t3_ezza1v", "time": 1581025140}}
{"fgpwwni": {"text": "Yep energy is shit.", "link_id": "t3_ezifyt", "time": 1581013570}}
{"fgpwnf8": {"text": "My life summed up in 4.30min. It was triggering but also beautiful in some way.", "link_id": "t3_ezub5s", "time": 1581013431}}
{"fgpp20d": {"text": "Yes I feel that too but I usually binge eat and now I'm getting fat and hate myself. I feel the emptiness and nothing can fill it. I get interested in things literary for 5 sec but nothing sticks and I get miserable again. As yourself sometimes I feel like on the top of the world but it doesn't last long and I don't know what to do to make it last.", "link_id": "t3_ezunzv", "time": 1581009218}}
{"fglijyo": {"text": "I wasn't diagnosed bdp but bipolar but my recent consultant did suggest bdp after last visit and my recent episode and after reading about it I am like painfully sure I have it. So for last few weeks after watching a scary movie I was certain I am being target by an evil spirit that wants to kill me. At times I also was worried that it was trying to posses my boyfriend. That kicked me into fight or flight mode for so long that I literally went bananas and all my bdp symptoms blossomed. I have no doubts I have it.", "link_id": "t3_eymyf8", "time": 1580899566}}
{"fgier82": {"text": "I just bought as well a few days ago together with bipolar mood journal. Both are great so far and I can only hope I stick to them .", "link_id": "t3_eyc4uy", "time": 1580819219}}
{"fgf3jha": {"text": "I think most of the time it's a mistake as bipolar people more often look for help when depressed. I know I did and antidepressants did start my mania. Yet, I've been told that antidepressants will not necessarily have that effect on all of us, it's just very high probability. Also antidepressants can worsen your condition big time, so prescribing them as a way to diagnose is very unreasonable for a professional.", "link_id": "t3_exycnc", "time": 1580722457}}
{"fgf37w1": {"text": "Mixed epiosodes can feel like a constant mood swings but there's certain consistency to them too. Read more about them maybe that will give you some clues on what's going on with you. It's always good to talk to a professional though about anything that concerns you.", "link_id": "t3_ey3znq", "time": 1580721955}}
{"fgf33hq": {"text": "Experienced that as well. It's a horrible feeling that I don't really know how to deal with. I've been experiencing a lot of them when younger but now they are back again together with an ugly mixed episode", "link_id": "t3_ey1ose", "time": 1580721763}}
{"fgf1tr4": {"text": "It's very difficult for so many different reasons. When depressed, I just don't have energy and motivation for it. When elevated, I don't always have the attention for it and distractibility is a huge thing. Find it overwhelming recently.", "link_id": "t3_exz9iv", "time": 1580719818}}
{"fgaoc4v": {"text": "I realized when I was super depressed last year, what came after a period of great happiness and productivity. The depression came so suddenly and for no reason, that it confused me. I had quite difficult life so before my ups and downs didn't seem as inappropriate (at least to me cos my friends as I learned now seem to disagree on that, but I always thought I just have a bit weird reaction to stress) . But when I went to my GP doctor to ask for antidepressants, he realised that there's a bit of a pattern in me coming in reporting depressive symptoms. He referred me to psychiatrist but still gave me antidepressants, which kicked in hard when I was on my holiday with my partner. When I came back and saw pdoc on my first visit, she diagnosed me with visible elevation symptoms . Still, I believed my diagnosis for a moment and then stopped, stopping medication before it even had a chance to do anything for me. Went on like that for a few months, convincing myself I'm ok and here I am again, in the midst of very intense mixed episode that is completely fucking my head. Going back to my pdoc tomorrow, looking for treatment.", "link_id": "t3_exnqfu", "time": 1580653634}}
{"fgagvd9": {"text": "It feels like that at the start to me. More like hypomania were I get loads done but still remain some control. I talk a little too much and I am a little too speedy, but overall enthusiastic and loving. Life seems great and my confidence is nicely bust. I like those moments, unfortunately if I run too long with it, it usually changes into irritability and impulsivity that I find overwhelming and destructive, making me reorganize my life. I am also becoming overwhelming to others, talking too much, disrespecting boundaries, believing crazy shit etc.", "link_id": "t3_exmm3g", "time": 1580651059}}
{"fg7hrzg": {"text": "Yea I'm in a constant cycle of eating / not exercising or not eating/ over exercising. My weight constantly fluctuate. Last few years have been super skinny, overly so by the end of it, now my episodes got more depressive or mixed in nature bringing on lack of energy and fatigue and over eating tendencies. Put on 15 kg in a year and a half. Feeling terrible because of that. Is it ever going to stabilise?", "link_id": "t3_exbjug", "time": 1580592833}}
{"fg7hd63": {"text": "Love it!", "link_id": "t3_ex9y76", "time": 1580592549}}
{"fg71xul": {"text": "Yea I have tried mindfulness techniques, yoga and breathing exercises and all that is great to a certain point.", "link_id": "t3_ex7jij", "time": 1580582087}}
{"fg712e8": {"text": "It does and I can relate. I'm in a one ugly episode. Which I think is mixed with psychotic features and today in the morning I started to experience manic like symptoms ( random thoughts and impulses, racing mind, intensity, disorganisation and distractibility, couldn't say if I was happy or sad but I was surly getting high, and it caused me so much anxiety (I was in work and terrified I lose my mind in the middle of my shift) . So far as intense as it was I was able to maintain some level of functioning but last few days it's been getting really intense in short bursts. So as I started to panic over that , all of a sudden everything became a little bit less real, like time and space slowed down and I could settle myself more and do my work tasks even though, still with great effort. I'm fairly sure it confused me even more but at the same time as you said I didn't experience feelings in the same way. I also got the weird vision thing.", "link_id": "t3_ex7jij", "time": 1580581507}}
{"fg6zzub": {"text": "Thank you for saying that. It actually means a lot as made me feel like my experience has been somehow validated. It's been really rough and I was honestly surprised I wasn't referred to a hospital as I reported not feeling safe with myself and worse, worrying I might be dangerous to others (there were times I wanted to keep a knife next to my bed for security but considering that at the same time I was afraid that my bf could be possessed, it could have ended real bad. ) I'm seriously thinking that my last episode has caused me some trauma, and the fact that two doctors I've seen to talk about it were less then helpful made me question myself and my need of help.", "link_id": "t3_ex1xew", "time": 1580580798}}
{"fg6vuq4": {"text": "Well I explained in my previous reply. I am not a professional so I don't know. I only make assumptions by comparison. But over that time I saw a GP doctor and an emergency care doc and both of them thought I was lucid enough. I am going to talk to a pdoc tomorrow and see what he'll say.", "link_id": "t3_ex1xew", "time": 1580578071}}
{"fg6mw4k": {"text": "Well I'm guessing as I didn't completely detached and was willing to admit it's irrational, yet couldn't shake off those feelings of terror and presence. It was/is tough going but for the most part I also maintain some level of functionality. So I don't know. My partner's brother has schizophrenia and I haven't been as deep in it as he goes. More like dipping in and out, enough to keep myself on alert but not far enough to loose myself completely if you know what I mean.", "link_id": "t3_ex1xew", "time": 1580572096}}
{"fg65qfl": {"text": "I haven't had a full blown psychosis yet but in my recent episode I was convinced that I have an evil ghost living in my attic waiting for a good time to kill me. Haven't slept for weeks, couldn't shower if alone in the house, and was constantly terrified I'm gonna die. Unless I was outside the house or someone was with me as I was convinced the ghost is only interested in me . I've been experiencing strong sensation of the presence of another being and a few times I thought my bf face is changing and that the ghost is trying to posses him. Once I thought I saw the attic door opening during the night time when I couldn't sleep (unfortunately the entrance to the attic is a hole in the ceiling that is placed in my bedroom) . I thought I've heard whispers. I've been highly alert which has been physically exhausting.  On the top of that I've been getting nightmares (the little sleep I got was filled with them) and sleep paralysis. My brain tried really hard to confuse my reality. Has been a rough few weeks.", "link_id": "t3_ex1xew", "time": 1580555030}}
{"fg55rk7": {"text": "Yea, I'm interested in it for obvious reasons as well. And general psychology etc. But those two times I've mentioned I was and am now super obssesive. Can't get myself to think about anything else.", "link_id": "t3_ewwl7t", "time": 1580518959}}
{"fg4qe3e": {"text": "I know how you feel. You can message me if you want. Get someone to talk to :)", "link_id": "t3_ewvjr1", "time": 1580508793}}
{"fg4mlho": {"text": "It could be. Hypomania can be very mild and sometimes hard to detect. But everything you describe is very relatable and I'm diagnosed bipolar. Nonetheless I am not a professional so I can't tell for sure. Best talk to a psychiatrist and discuss those cycles, more likely to detect if there's a pattern there with someone who's trained for it.", "link_id": "t3_ewv7wv", "time": 1580506435}}
{"fg4crn9": {"text": "And sometimes both at once!", "link_id": "t3_ewtxvq", "time": 1580500998}}
{"fg44yxk": {"text": "I'm very easily irritated when hypo. Will be in an extraordinary mood as long as everything goes smooth and as I want it. I find annoying when people can't keep up, frustrating when I don't get to do what I'm dying to do etc. It's like with speed, I loose my patience (otherwise I consider myself quite calm). There were times I lost my temper because my bf was trying to nap during the day and I couldn't look at that or because he refused to listen to the same story over and over again.", "link_id": "t3_ewsfny", "time": 1580496266}}
{"fg3yh5i": {"text": "I don't have a bath at home but one thing I tried and was somehow helping me relax was to keep my feet in hot water with Epson salts (lavender) and hot water bottle around my low back area. It might sounds crazy but anxiety and stress cause muscle to contract so if you target them it can bring some relief plus warmth just makes everything better :) . Honestly my bf was the one who got me to do it and I was really enjoying it, the good side of it is that you can do it while you watch TV or even study for your exam, just throw some blanket over yourself to add extra comfort and see how that feels. Sending love.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580492358}}
{"fg3wouf": {"text": "Yea I've been in a mixed episode for last 4months and your experience sounds very familiar. Especially the intensity and confusion from not knowing where you at. Exhausting and soul crashing. Stay strong, it will pass.", "link_id": "t3_ewr91t", "time": 1580491280}}
{"fg363kv": {"text": "Ah in the same boat with you. Terrible experience", "link_id": "t3_ewikiz", "time": 1580471831}}
{"fg32ba6": {"text": "No one can diagnose here but I know how painful and frustrating looking for information can be, especially that you said your partner is in denial. There's is a dysphoric mania (or hypomania), also called mixed episode, where symptoms of mania simultaneously show up with symptoms of depression. It's very hard to contain myself in those moments; I'd be walking around in despair trying to remove excessive energy out of me, either doing things or talking way too much, disrespecting people boundaries, drowning in my own suffering, aggressively motivated and frustrated and my mood will truly be all over the place.  It is terribly confusing and really not a great place to be at all. But to be really able to say if it is or not this or that he needs to see a professional, as bipolar and other disorders tend to express themselves in many ways.", "link_id": "t3_ewiarx", "time": 1580467083}}
{"ffy21dr": {"text": "Yea I totally experience that myself ! I sometime feel like It talks me into my moods or make them worse :) but it's really probably more commenting on what's going on with me internally", "link_id": "t3_evrqpx", "time": 1580337030}}
{"ffx9bew": {"text": "I did notice that myself. In depression I just feel so tired and overwhelmed that I'm wishing myself away. You know. I don't even have energy to think how to die, I just want to fall asleep and be over with it. It's miserable and slow. When I'm mixed, it's less wishing more planning. And depending on the driving emotion it can be frustrated I don't wanna do it anymore so let's just finish it type thing, desperately looking for relief or like hopelessly knowing I'm doomed to die and nothing has sense , very depressive sort of style but with addition of all that restless energy and motivation that's driving me nuts.", "link_id": "t3_es4urp", "time": 1580320446}}
{"ffqx5j2": {"text": "Well, I think it all depends on many factors. Some of us do better then the others. I thought I can function without meds and so far was doing not too bad but recently I started experiencing strong and scary psychotic features sooo... can't put it off anymore. But i know there are whole communities of bp people who dont take meds either because they can't afford it or simply because they choose not to. Personally I wish for myself to be able to get off them and function one day but to even dream about that possibility I first have to stabilise and work on my routine etc which I don't think can do without meds.", "link_id": "t3_eupcux", "time": 1580145642}}
{"ffqttlu": {"text": "I was taking tegretol for a while but then I stopped, thinking I don't need it. I got only diagnosed last year but struggling for years now. On Monday I'm going to see my pdoc to get a new prescription. Probably going to try lithium now.", "link_id": "t3_eupcux", "time": 1580143491}}
{"ffqrujs": {"text": "I feel like I'm mainly mixed too. Either mania or depression sooner or later moves into mixed state. Maybe with some short burst of normality in between ( if that even is normality). Mixed states are the worst and because of the amount of them that I experience I've been struggling with accepting my diagnose.", "link_id": "t3_eupcux", "time": 1580142195}}
{"ffqrgkf": {"text": "Yea I get that too sometimes. The energy and motivation there but after a couple of days with little to no sleep my body starts to protest. Recently when I felt that way I found myself in a mixed epiosde and a lot of people confirmed that they feel that sort of fatigue in the body too while mixed. I don't really have any advice here as I had to wait till it was over. I also got sleeping pills to regulate myself a little and waiting to see pdoc to adjust medication.", "link_id": "t3_eunh45", "time": 1580141936}}
{"ffqhle8": {"text": "It's a spectrum and as much as adding numbers might help in certain ways, it definitely shouldn't be used to compare who has it worse! All the stories shared by bipolar people (1, 2, NOS, and also cyclothymic) seem to be devastating in one way or another. And honestly since it is a spectrum illness every next epiosde is a possibility of progression. As my partner recently concluded:  in a way every person who's bipolar can be a bipolar 1 case just waiting for their mania to fully express itself, and for that reason we should be looked after with similar care and seriousness.", "link_id": "t3_eummty", "time": 1580134814}}
{"ffq7oso": {"text": "I feel you so much. Just struggling with the same issue. Coming out of a mix epiosde, during which I exercised/cooked every day for me and my partne houses/prepared Christmas/ atteneded a course / left the course, started a job/left a job, started another job/ was socially active and all that while wrestling with some psychotic features (was terrified by a ghost I believed is after me, which made me extremely anxious and alert almost all the time and cause a serious sleep depravation). It was a nervous and exhausting period and glad is over (fingers crossed) but now the last two days I feel levelled but just so tired and unmotivated to do anything. I'm not depressed (yet) but finding it hard to get out of bed and take care of myself. It sucks.", "link_id": "t3_euikxj", "time": 1580124822}}
{"ffq4ix3": {"text": "Thanks for reply. I get that bit about discipline but I do not know how to apply into my life. I keep trying to come back to my daily routine plan but as soon as the mood starts to swing it feels like it's game over. I even asked my partner to help me, you know when I feel depressed to at least take me for a walk or make sure I eat when I'm hyped. It usually ends in a disaster cos my emotions get so intense and any try of making me doing something I don't wanna brings on complete frustration/anger. I honestly feel terrible about it and believe he doesn't deserve to go through it, yet I completely don't know how to deal with it myself.The only bit of a routine I somehow stick to is my work but even here is getting harder with time.", "link_id": "t3_eufkpa", "time": 1580120045}}
{"ffp32lw": {"text": "Apparently very often as hypomania can be overlooked, as they said. I know it happened to me :)", "link_id": "t3_eufj2f", "time": 1580085264}}
{"ffl4vk6": {"text": "Right in there with you. My body is overwhelmed with pains and aches . Sending hugs to you", "link_id": "t3_eu18z1", "time": 1580034839}}
{"ffhv30v": {"text": "Yea its because I am still able to go to work and maintain functional (even though not able to shower if no-one in the house) Over years I've learned to control my emotions and hide them to an extend. My dad was bipolar and very abusive and the fear of becoming like him is a huge motivation to work on myself. I think that where I live mental illness is still a taboo to a certain degree and general practitioners are not prepared to deal with it.", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579955288}}
{"ffhucbb": {"text": "I do have medical card but it's still extremely hard to get a free theraphy service where I am. I don't want to throw accusations but maybe it has something to do with the fact that I'm a foreigner here. My partner after experiancing mild anxieties was referred to a free theraphy immediately, while I've been going for last months to the doctors reporting severe insomnia, disregulated mood and recently an irrational fear of a ghost that I believe wants to harm me with suicidal thoughts and I barely was able to get sleeping pills. At my last visit my anxiety was out of the roof and I was throwing words at the doctor like a machine gun, not able to sit still, and when she asked me do I feel safe with myself I said absolutely no and with the intense fear of the ghost I'm also worried about those around me . Somehow I wasn't referred to a hospital. Waiting now to see the psychiatrist which can be another month from now :( situations like that also make me doubt my own struggle.", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579954295}}
{"ffhscf2": {"text": "Very grateful for your reply. And all the others! I feel very lost and confused in the world of that disease. At some levels it completely makes sense, but on some I'm not so sure if I have it. Even though my doc seems to be fairly sure. When I've learned about it first I was almost excited as it made so much sense and could explain so much of my life. Then I started to read more and observe myself more and tbh I got more confused and unsure then I first was. I started to think that I'm just simply trying to look for excuses to my life failures and the difficulties I have in regulating I associated with some trauma I've experienced before. I'm still confused but also just so damn tired of dealing with this. Unfortunately I don't find my pdoc very helpful and I don't have an access to anyone else, I can't afford regular theraphy.", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579951381}}
{"fffp9nd": {"text": "I got one from my partner as a christmas present.  I love it cos it shows times of sleep, waking moments and restlessness! I was shocked to learn how erratic my sleep is!", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579888836}}
{"fffmlzq": {"text": "No. I am struggling to accept my diagnosis tbh. But after last few weeks I think I'm ready to admit I need help.", "link_id": "t3_etc59l", "time": 1579887219}}
{"ffexgc2": {"text": "I have been in a mixed state for weeks now. Feeling frustrating motivation, fixiating on things and being in despair. Yesterday something clicked though and pushed me into happy enthusiasm, loving life, dancing and dressing up kinda mood. Im experiancing a new rush of positive energy and it feels real good!", "link_id": "t3_et96zd", "time": 1579869401}}
{"ffdgfu8": {"text": "It doesn't bother me. I usually do say I'm bipolar as personally can't fully distinct where's the line between me and the illness (apart from the extremes, but as you said there's so much in between that I don't know sometimes what's me and what's the illness). I also say I'm traumatized. But I fully get your point and respect it. My theraphist also does say I should stop identifying with my conditions and start with saying \"I have bipolar and I went through traumatic experiences.  \"", "link_id": "t3_et0rnt", "time": 1579820341}}
{"ffccmsq": {"text": "My gp proved to me to be more understanding and insightful then my pdoc so far so I'm hopeful. I'm having some suicidal thoughts and I'm feeling exhausted as well so I'm hoping that with this combination he'll refer me to a hospital so I can get some medication that will help me relax.", "link_id": "t3_esrh0o", "time": 1579796569}}
{"ffc5h4o": {"text": "Well I'm not asking about diagnosis. I'm just asking if anyone experienced that and most of all I am sharing here. I'll only see my doc tomorrow and only a general practitioner for now and I've been struggling for over a month and it's not just a vague fear or believe. I'm convinced that the evil ghost is after me and the fear at times is unbearable ( initially I haven't slept for 5days straight because I was so terrified) . I am just aware how does it sound and I'm trying to talk myself out of that believe but as far as I'm concerned the threat is real. The few times I did manage to sleep without alcohol or sleeping pills I went through a serious of panic attacks, nightmeres and sleep paralysis which only deepened my fear. During the day, it's mostly a sensation but it keeps me in the high alert almost all day, during night especially when I turn off the light I feel like I'm falling into a different dimension where the ghost can get me (once even though I saw the attic door opening but it was a glimpse)  hence the light left on during nights to keep me safe. I also did some magical rituals to get rid the ghost that I read about in the internet and it did helped me calm down for a few days.I know how deep and severe psychosis can be as I've seen it before and I know I'm just experiancing some sympotms for some reason. Nonetheless it's been an exhausting and overwhelming month and it doesn't seem to be going away. It's just that for the most part I can be functional, when Im outside the house even though still alert I can act as everything is ok, Im just shaky inside, but no-one knows as I know how people would react if I said it out loud. Today though after hearing another weird noise I wasn't able to take a shower as it's close to the attic (where I believe the ghost hides), so I went to work in a poor condition and my work performance is suffering as well as I'm finding it difficult to concentrate.", "link_id": "t3_esrh0o", "time": 1579791981}}
{"ffc36zq": {"text": "Yea I thought it was going down last few days as my nervous energy seemed to be getting down and I started to feel bit slow and distracted and even though I still sort of felt it it wasn't as persistent. Last night though I've heard the whispers and it alarmed me again. And today again weird noise. I dunno if I am imaging those noises or are they actually real but my brain interprets them into something else to feed my madness. I dunno but I'm starting to loose that sense of knowing that it's not real.. to me it feels completely real and threatening.", "link_id": "t3_esrh0o", "time": 1579790406}}
{"ffc0zp7": {"text": "It is s torture. I wish something could knock me down until it's over. It's terrible ! But the awarness of how crazy it is and not being able to shake it off is the worst. Trying to function like a normal human being while on such a high alert is exhausting.", "link_id": "t3_esrh0o", "time": 1579788770}}
{"ffbtbsj": {"text": "Thanks again. If I may ask did you ever ask your pdoc what it can be connected to? I though bipolar people have to be deep in mania or depression to experiance psychotic sympotms.", "link_id": "t3_esrh0o", "time": 1579781992}}
{"ffbrdp4": {"text": "Yea I was diagnosed during my first appointment, then within the same clinic centre I had 2 next appointments with different doctors to further evaluate and they all agreed with each other. I still sort of daubt their opinion cos as you said some of the diagnostic criteria didn't fully fit , but I know that one of the doctors wrote on my file that my up sympotms were visable during one of the appointments. So I guess they know what they're doing. Well i hope.", "link_id": "t3_esmv6t", "time": 1579779743}}
{"ffbqdct": {"text": "Thanks for your reply! Yea I also feel like it can only hurt me in the darkness so I started to sleep with the light on (first week I didn't sleep at all for 5days straight, then sleeping pills helped and now I'm back to struggling) . I also worry that it can show up when i'm alone. But it's the strongest with the darkness. I used to struggle with that feeling years ago when I was younger but never to that extent!As I said I believe I was in an epiosde when it got triggered but I most certainly wasn't full blown manic so can I experiance psychosis or psychotic symptoms? I was certainly on the up mixed with some despair feelings but still functioning and managable. Even now with that overwhelming feeling for the most part I try my best to keep my calm and process the fear inside.", "link_id": "t3_esrh0o", "time": 1579778447}}
{"ffbo6sk": {"text": "The thing most confusing to me about bipolar is that a lot of illness related symptoms seems to be open to interpretation. And depending on the doctor you're talking to, you can get different answers. That's my personal experiance. I've heard about people cycling hourly being diagnosed bipolar, and then also heard opinions that sucha fast swings are not typical for bipolar people. So I dunno what to think about it if I'm being honest. I've also heard of stress induced bipolar disorder which is something relating to trauma and ptsd, where the stressors and triggers will be the main cause of an epiosde. Generally a lot of people from what I'm reading are reporting that the cycles often were provoked by something. They also can come for no reason though. I have experiance trauma and believe that it impacts my bipolar making it even more erratic and more difficult to interpret. But I'm yet to learn more about it.", "link_id": "t3_esjz42", "time": 1579775290}}
{"ff9h1vg": {"text": "Thank you. I also feel like I'm very good at hiding it. My father was just out of a book/movie example! For most of our lives we still weren't really aware of what was going on with him as as eccentric as he was, and a bit of an asshole every now and again, he didn't seem insane. Apart from the very end, cos last year of his life was proper madness.Yet although I struggle with regulating myself a lot, I'm nowhere near as eccentric as he was, which makes me question my own diagnosis.", "link_id": "t3_esckad", "time": 1579712854}}
{"ff96gdt": {"text": "Thank you. I look it up. I am aware that there's something wrong with me. But just worry that as crazy as it sounds I don't struggle enough to be called bipolar. Maybe I'm just in denial. I keep comparing myself and my experiances and concentrating on what I don't do or question if what I do could be classified as the symptom.", "link_id": "t3_esckad", "time": 1579705963}}
{"ff965p8": {"text": "Thank you so much. It means a lot ! In 2018 I experienced a really long, and good, \"enlightened \" period, where life and everything around seemed great and I thought I got all the answers. In Jan/Feb 2019 it got  bit shaky, edgy and more frustrating to move into despretly depressed around March 2019. Ever since I've been dealing with rather difficult emotions and had short and underwhelming bursts of positivity, which compared to all the difficult stuff can get easily forgotten. If you know what I mean. I try not to do drugs or alcohol and for the most part I'm successful but every now and again I slip :( it's so exhausting. I was diagnosed bipolar last summer after I was prescribed antidepressants for my depression and reacted badly (got hyped and paranoid) but I'm really struggling to accept that diagnosis. I feel like I'm not struggling enough, that I'm not visibly crazy so I can't have it (no offence to anyone here), I just feel like I'm an imposter. Especially after seeing my father full blown manic with psychosis.", "link_id": "t3_esckad", "time": 1579705762}}
{"ff65xtb": {"text": "Tegretol, it got me a bit hyped at the start and then brought on anxiety and panic attacks for some reasons and then I got suicidal.", "link_id": "t3_errqnu", "time": 1579619922}}
{"ff61p3o": {"text": " I am very happy for you. Last time I tried medicine I nearly committed suicide. And got very badly treated by medical personnel so I'm very cautious now. So far the process of adjusting to medication seemed to be more dangerous then episodes itself to me. To add to it, my father succeeded in committing suicide right after he decided for treatment and started his medication, that for some reason also send him towards that desperate direction.", "link_id": "t3_errqnu", "time": 1579616882}}
{"ff5szqv": {"text": "I had those feelings while being hypo for last two months or so! Went through total desperation frustration and paranoia and now slowly coming out of it feeling exhausted. What a ride. Hang im there, it will pass! Sending Love!", "link_id": "t3_eri2it", "time": 1579609103}}
{"ff5stfs": {"text": "Constantly question it. Because of that not medicating at the moment. I feel like I'm not impaired enough, not crazy enough when I get into my episodes. My dad was bipolar so I'm making all the effort to be aware of myself and react to every weird thing that happens with me. That awarness though is the very reason why I question my condition, and still despite the fact that with all the work I do, I continuously find myself in life ruining situations, caused by my overwhelming emotions.", "link_id": "t3_errqnu", "time": 1579608909}}
{"ff5q3wg": {"text": "I can relate so much! Though i have very little support. My mother doesn't even believe my diagnosis even though my father committed suicide during one very bad manic attack.  At the moment I'm not as bad as he was but I can feel myself getting worse and though I'm quite aware of myself the struggle doesn't get any easier! I had quite traumatic childhood, growing up with unstable, unaware of his illness and drug&amp;alcohol abusing parent. I can't afford proper theraphy yet I keep fighting. Recently I started to question it though, what's the point? Life can be overwhelmingly beautiful to me that's true but those are such a brief moments and I'm on a particularly long chain of bad epiosdes ( depressive and dysphoric)", "link_id": "t3_erqcqs", "time": 1579605604}}
{"ff5okyf": {"text": "I have. Finding it hard to accept my diagnosis. Got it last year and almost two years ago had a manic attack that cost me job, house and relationship. Feel like I've been struggling most of my life but only was diagnosed at the age of 28. Find it hard to accept the diagnosis cos my life was very traumatic and I somehow want to believe my behaviour is adequate to what I have been through and during my worst so far manic attack I was also fighting with overactive thyroid which can mimic things ( not sure if can make you as crazy as I was though).  Yet, I decided to not take medication, believing I'll be better off them, but even with healthy lifestyle I went through whole cycle. Burned myself out with activities start of last year, fell into horrible depression straight after (heavily suicidal), back up when I decided to give meds a chance  (got antidepressants first, which made me hyper and paranoid), got off meds, stabilise and again throught I am all good and not ill, had around 2 relatively stable months (September, October last year) and around Halloween after one crazy night out I've been feeling crazy again. I took some drugs on halloween night and ever since I've been erratic and swinging a lot. Saw a scary movie that triggered me, couldn't sleep for a week straight, believing an evil ghost wants to kill me. Decided it's all the house I'm in (which was a nice house), so I left my course (loved it), got myself an intense job as a chef (have no idea about cooking) , moved to another house , started to feel overwhelm in the job (it was full time and restricting my time, I still wasn't sleeping well and started to experiance fatigue during the day but still wanted to do so many other things and to make it worse it was christmas period so all the social obligations were starting to frustrate me). I left the job and got another one, got some sleeping pills in the meantime, they brought me down a little, but I'm still erratic. Still have the hint of the fear of the ghost, and my mood jumps and I get easily frustrated and starting to feel overly tired and slightly suicidal. Now I have easy part time job but I'm not sure if I'll be able to hold it as I'm so tired I can't crawl out of bed. Sigh. Just hate it.I am trying so hard to eat healthy and live healthy but once things hit me I completely move away from my healthy routines, or sometimes overdo them. It's so tiring to constantly be on the emotional edges, fearing that one thing can push you into craziness. At the same time I fear medication as well, I fear that I'm misdiagnosed and will take things that can potentially harm me , I'm scared of side effects, I have disturbed body image and I'm terrified of weight gain. YET, I spend almost a month not sleeping because of a ghost in the attic and managed to destroy my chance for a career I'd possibly love. And for those reasons I'm going to check in with my doc.", "link_id": "t3_ernxer", "time": 1579603426}}
{"ff43fgv": {"text": "Me and my current bf are almost two years together and going strong. Last year was very difficult for me, filled with depressive and mixed epiosdes and very little stability. We met after my manic breakdown and I was still very hyped but more in a euphoric, life is wonderful, high sex drive way and I showered him with love and affection, just to turn around a few months later and hit deep deep depression. Dunno, how he's still with me, if I am being honest with you. He says I am worth the struggle which melts my heart. I have only learned about my bp after we got together, but I did suspect it as my father had it and I could see resemblances. From the start of the relationship I decided to be honest and communicate my feelings no matter how ridiculous they were and so far he proved to be the most understanding and simply good person I have met. He tries really hard to look past certain things, to not get caught by the words I say or by my erratic behaviour. Of course he's only a human and sometimes it gets to him and I hurt him. Which kills me. So on my behalf I try to communicate the best I can, be aware of myself and come fix whatever damage my behaviour did as soon as I can. If I cry for days, first thing I do, when I stop is to make him smile and make sure he's doing fine. I wish I could be more of a support but I give all I can. Hoping it will be enough. Right now is working :)", "link_id": "t3_ergtgd", "time": 1579554691}}
{"ff34teq": {"text": "I have no reason. I think I am in a mixed episode for a few months now and I feel exhausted and unmotivated.", "link_id": "t3_erdvls", "time": 1579533689}}
{"fdequw1": {"text": "Yea my hypomania, when starting to exaggerate, if I was to compare it to something would be something like feeling drunk, high on ecstasy or cocaine or all those feelings at once. Cocaine like feeling would be the most common experiance. Ecstasy like feeling not as often but surly the most pleasant bit of my disease  (if I was to point something nice about it ).", "link_id": "t3_ekxk6u", "time": 1578344709}}
{"fdekhuu": {"text": "You definitely have to talk to a specialist. I've been recently diagnosed with bipolar and my hypomania will be pretty similar to what you describe. I have long and overwhelming periods of depression while my hypomania can pass unnoticeable sometimes. Like in your case one of my parents was bipolar (father) and I was convinced I have the disorder myself before the diagnose. Then I started to doubt it and now even though I'm officially diagnosed I'm struggling to accept it. I suppose I could be called a high functioning person as for the most part I was able to somehow control my hypomanic episodes and not push myself into debt or hospital. As to this point I've been working (but can hardly stay in a job for long, 2 years in one place is my personal record ) and able to support myself. I had a few episodes that were on the edge of mania, but never properly fully blown (thank god! ). Mostly my hypomania is overcleaning, overly creative, hyper, veerry talkative (one of the things that help me catch myself, as I feel extremely pressured to talk),  sometimes very sociable and turning me into a party animal (hello drugs and alcohol, even though I don't do them normally at all ), sometimes turning me into health freak where I over exercise and do ridiculous detox plans. Worst part, it makes me very charming and  I believe, too intelligent in a way, as I find ways to validate and make sense out of my behaviour and get people around me on the board until it's finished and I get my senses back. Sometimes it's restless, anxious and paranoid with burst of anger and frustration. It's so much uncomfortable energy that it physically hurts. My mixed states well I can feel overly excited and jumpy yet still feel like there's no meaning to life and be overly exhausted. Wired but tired. Upset but wanting to do things with the feeling as if my life depended on it. Quick to anger, overly pressured. Edgy. Talkative but only getting into heavy subjects that deepen my feeling of sadness. In my mixed I often feel like I can go through the whole spectrum of emotions in one moment. I can be happy and jumpy yet pushed into extreme sadness with one sentence. It's a very uncomfortable and confusing place to be.", "link_id": "t3_ekxk6u", "time": 1578340951}}
{"eyvs2xj": {"text": "before the down dog do the puppy pose to get a proper alignment in the back. Rise to the down dog, keeping your belly on your tights. Shoulders alway from the ears here. Make sure your spine is nice and long. Now shoot your butty up and to the back at the same time, and from here you can start straighten your legs. But make sure your spine is straight, and leave the rest to the gravity. Your heels will land on the floor eventually and leg get straight, but be patient and give it time.", "link_id": "t3_cz091y", "time": 1567509555}}
{"eyt888r": {"text": "Noah and the whale - 5Years. Found recently and it's amazing ! so sunny and cheerful.", "link_id": "t3_cyo0l3", "time": 1567428772}}
{"eynh0la": {"text": "thanks for comment. I'm only learning how to come out of my shell and show myself to the world, so it's very encouraging.", "link_id": "t3_cxjntu", "time": 1567247987}}
{"eyngwxh": {"text": ":)", "link_id": "t3_cxjntu", "time": 1567247898}}
{"eyngw77": {"text": "Thank you :) it's ink drawing and colours added digitally.", "link_id": "t3_cxjntu", "time": 1567247878}}
{"eyngun5": {"text": "thank  you and thank you for creating this place.", "link_id": "t3_cxjntu", "time": 1567247837}}
{"eyngpp0": {"text": "thank you :*", "link_id": "t3_cxjntu", "time": 1567247713}}
{"eyngp2c": {"text": "Thank you :* Unfortunately it's probably the nature of our struggle. To feel that way. For a long time I was alone in this feeling. It's sort of comforting that I'm not.", "link_id": "t3_cxjntu", "time": 1567247696}}
{"eyngjn8": {"text": "thank you :)", "link_id": "t3_cxjntu", "time": 1567247552}}
{"eyngj3z": {"text": "Thank you so much ! it's one of my old drawings I found recently, but still so accurate, so I decided to play around with it.  It is ink and colour added digitally! :D Thanks again for such a nice response! I'm only learning how to come out of my shell, so I really appreciate that \u2764", "link_id": "t3_cxjntu", "time": 1567247538}}
{"eyeg9wu": {"text": "I'd love to be a part of it . F28. I feel really lost and confused and lonely :(", "link_id": "t3_cwksci", "time": 1567033364}}
{"ey35gfr": {"text": "btw I'm 28 now. I was first diagnosed with GAD when 18y/o. I tried to do something about it back then but I was in an abusive relationship and my bf didn't really let me. When I set myself free from that I ended up back with my family and my father went completely nuts and then committed suicide. That was 5years ago. And the last 5 years it's been still up and down. A few sexual harassment stories and another abusive relationship. Not as bad as before though. Still, at this stage  I'm very easily disturbed. I tried yoga and meditation and exercising and healthy diet (I think I think I might have eating disorder as well so that's bit an easy one) and mindfulness and all sort of stuff. Therapy on and off. Recently, finally ended up in psychiatrist office and got my diagnosis and medication. Well still working on what meds work for me. Back onto theraphy now regularly. I did yoga teacher training cos yoga helps and applied for an art course, for the same reason. At the moment I don't look too far away into the future. I have to sort my head out first. But it's really hard and sometimes I just feel so tired.", "link_id": "t3_cv7mkk", "time": 1566755840}}
{"ey2m8sd": {"text": "thank you for your response. I need responses for strangers , so it seems, cos vast majority of my environment refuses to accept/ acknowledge that I was abused. I myself have an issue to accept it, but I now know I have to. I feel like I'm on the edge and my life depends on it. It's just getting so unbearable.", "link_id": "t3_cv7mkk", "time": 1566743134}}
{"exsidw5": {"text": "for me it's like pulsation going through my body, energetic strong waves, and buzzing in my head.  dunno if anyone else get that, but my head gets so messy and disorganized. Like I can barely find myself in it. And my whole body is pulsating with constant flow of energy. It's very physical feeling as much as a mental one.", "link_id": "t3_cu5t8t", "time": 1566545538}}
{"exlmd4y": {"text": "If you want you can message me and we can talk some more. I've done a lot of writing about it, as it's helping me cope, but if I gathered it all together, I'd probably have a book written :-)", "link_id": "t3_ctkq8h", "time": 1566415467}}
{"exll526": {"text": "Hi, just curious as you said your parents don't seek treatment, yet your father does fine with bipolar diagnosis. How does he manage it if you don't mind me asking ?", "link_id": "t3_ctkq8h", "time": 1566414827}}
{"exlk73f": {"text": "Hi, I am sorry you have to go through it. I know how hard it is as I was in your shoes. My father was bipolar and my family struggled a lot because of that. And I, like yourself the oldest child, was the one, who always had to deal with his illness. It's exhausting. So I hear you. All the questions you asked are valid and increadibly hard to answer. It depends on what his relationship with his illness and yourself is. I was very close with my dad, but he refused to medicate, and I reached my limits. Now he's gone, took his own life and I still don't know how to deal with it, plus I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder myself exactly 5 years after he passed away. With every passing year I get to understand him more. I also got to understand the illness itself. And I know that without mediaction (most of us anyway), talking therapy (especially needed if he can't drop the vicitm role) and healty routine (diet, sleep, exercises) it is only going to get worse. Even though we are ill, we are still responsible for our actions, and we owe to the people close to us, to do our best to stay in control and manage our sypmtoms. There are going to be worse times, you can't avoid that, but in most cases it is doable to live a good, relatively stable life. I don't know how it looks with your dad, with mine it was a pure chaos. He didn't want to medicate, he blamed everyone else. He was falling deep into his episodes. We had to basically move him, on our backs, through the life. And it was devastating. If that's your case. You probably should remove yourself from him, because if he lets this illness run its course, it's going to end really bad (been there, seen that) and there'll be nothing you can do about it. You should make very clear rules and boundries with him. Tell him what you need from him to do (therapy, meds, routine) to help maintain a good relationship between the two of you (it's normal within relationships to do that ). Create an emergency list, as there are going to be times when it slips and he might need you, but for the most part, for him, and yourself, he has to learn what his disorder is, what are his triggers and pattern, so he can be ready when they come. Some people when they catch early signs they commit themselves.With a proper help from a specialist, it can be very managable. With that the quality of his life can vastly improve and tendencies towards victimazing himself should go away. That's based on my own experiance. That's what I expect from myself and wish I expected from my father, instead of jumping into deep and dangerous waters with him, every time the storm hit. Comparing to him, I have a pretty stable life and it gets better and easier the more I learn. It's a hard work, but it can be done and it should be expected from us.", "link_id": "t3_ctkq8h", "time": 1566414379}}
{"exh6oxs": {"text": "it really is horrible and I just wonder if this is the 'normal' state for me now. Like I nearly feel depressed, just without the actual feelings of sadness and hopelessness. Plus the slow but progressive weight gain is disturbing me.", "link_id": "t3_csn89j", "time": 1566294025}}
{"exh4id2": {"text": "Yeah, I've been on it for around 6-7 weeks. And I'm experiancing similar things. The first few weeks on it I was still in my hypomanic epiosed. It did slow me down and my symptoms were way more manageable with every day, but now I'm out of it, I'm stable in myself but just sooooo tired . And very suicidal. More then before. I eat a lot and sleep a lot. Even though I try to restrain myself, but it's hard.", "link_id": "t3_csn89j", "time": 1566290822}}
{"exfp2ay": {"text": "My last relationship was terrible for my mental health. Never had such a bad symptoms like when I was with my ex! Over two years with him, two years where  I really started to look after myself ( diet, exercises, sleeping hygiene, no drugs etc.) and two years were I was crazier and more depressed then ever. Even developed physical diseases because of the amount of stress he caused me. It felt like he had fun poking me and watching me burn and drown in my episodes.One severe episode of mania finally scared him away. I lost everything else in the process, but at least I'm free of that man. My new relationship is completely different, as healthy as it can be taking into account that I'm bipolar. But my new partner is really loving and understanding and helps me manage my symptoms best he can, so my episodes are nowhere near to what they were when fuelled with stress. Also thanks to my new partner I finally got the medication and treatment and support that I need to deal with my illness.we have to be really mindful of who we let into our life, as wrong people can change the quality of it drastically!", "link_id": "t3_csk4b4", "time": 1566245379}}
{"exegj61": {"text": "I do mood tracking app. Even though it doesn't help that much while I'm in an episode. But helps me see the symptoms more. And after I pull out from the episode I get a sort of hungover feeling for a few days. Dunno if anyone here gets that too. Also after the episode when I look back at the last few days/weeks, I get like almost surreal feeling, as if I was literally high or drunk during my hypomania. All that information, tracking my sleep patter and my daily routine (that I stick to when I'm stable but drop when I move too much into either direction). Just observing little things when and what you ate, did you bother to dress up normally (I seem to have issue with taking proper care of myself in both states, in hypomania I do put clothes on me, but they wouldn't be my usual  things, I more so throw something on me, as I'm too busy to pay attention or if I really get into it, I really experiment with my style and go full on overdressed :) ).. after a while you'll get a hang of it. Hypomania can be hard to detect, so you have to pay attention to your responses and patterns.", "link_id": "t3_crqj14", "time": 1566214440}}
{"ex6chru": {"text": "Wow, that's exactly what I'm doing now! Currently out of work, as it became too much last year and ever since I just can't make myself to go back. Recently decided to go back to my art and try with the graphics designer path for exactly same reasons. Still fretting about the whole collage thing though, as I don't know how it's gonna go with bipolar and anxieties under my belt. So far I've been dropping out from every course and leaving every job. Still though, that's a way to deepen the isolation even more.", "link_id": "t3_crkdjc", "time": 1566043299}}
{"ex5um9j": {"text": "Hi, I did that myself too. Three times, as unfortunately, a few times, my demons got me in those new places too, but I wasn't treating my condition properly back then. It's easier to do than it sounds, if you have a room ready and some savings :) low payable jobs are always easy to find, if you get stuck, and you can progress from there.I'm in my third location now and things are going better for me, I finally got official diagnosis and treatment, didn't have any life wrecking episode so far, even before the treatment I was doing quite ok, as some changes to the diet, sleep and alcohol/drug consumption (well staying away basically) did wonders for me. Hope you're going to push through and feel better soon.", "link_id": "t3_crgqzx", "time": 1566032388}}
{"ewt2muz": {"text": "Thanks for all the responses ! It was really helpful and reassuring.", "link_id": "t3_cpi33h", "time": 1565739193}}
{"ewt2a26": {"text": "Yeah I know what you mean. I think that's what happened to me. I actually think, I might have been in an episode since I was diagnosed ! As I went into my obsessive - productive behaviour and with meds I was slowly brought back down. Just the amount of research I did and information I found overwhelmed me. I was going through the posts I wrote, and saved, notes I made etc., yesterday and was getting a little confused and shocked. Almost as if I was told I'm bipolar for the first time :-) Today it's bit easier to understand and accept,Thank you.", "link_id": "t3_cpi33h", "time": 1565738948}}
{"ewmnvgm": {"text": "I already mention in my post above I don't do drugs, including marijuana or drink alcohol. I very specifically listed what I do, and did to maintain my mental health, even before I was diagnosed with bipolar and started taking my meds.", "link_id": "t3_cozt4g", "time": 1565556185}}
{"ewmecmh": {"text": "From your response I am guessing you are from USA. I can really feel the struggle there. I do, though, live in a country where mental health awareness and acceptence is quite high, but even here I obviously wouldn't share it with everyone. I have been dealing with anxieties and childhood trauma for a good bit, before I got my bipolar diagnosis, so i know how it all goes. My life has been quite fucked up and I continue to struggle, despite all the effort I make to get better, so by \"it's great\" I mean , I finally got an answer that makes sense and I can work with, obviously it's not great to have it, but if you're fighting a demon for so long, you'd at least want to know it's face.Thanks for all the advice.", "link_id": "t3_cozt4g", "time": 1565549599}}
{"ewll56k": {"text": "Thank you so much. Its just very confusing. I was diagnosed around 2 months ago, checked by a few consultants before put on meds and now I've been medicating for only last 5weeks. First 4 weeks I was on a lower dose, but by the end of 4th week I started to feel ok, but they brought up the dose last week and it elevated me again. I feel tired of being up. I hope its just the process of adjustment and it's going to !I've towards stabilizing again.", "link_id": "t3_copog4", "time": 1565528499}}
{"ewlkt8j": {"text": "Yea, I can only contact them on Monday, that's why I posted here, looking for some comfort and advice. I feel constantly on an edge of the episode, sometimes entering it but never really staying in it. It's weird, I thought maybe it has something to do with my body still adjusting to the meds. My friend told me, he initially got worse on his meds before he got better, but I dunno, it's just worrisome to me. I told my bf to be ready to send me to a hospital at any moment as I feel completely confused with what's going on with me.Tbh I did only start taking meds recently, I was 4 First weeks on 400mg, and last week was brought up to 600mg. So technically my body is still adjusting to it?", "link_id": "t3_copog4", "time": 1565528169}}
{"ewlib94": {"text": "hi, I can relate. Last year and the start of this year  I had a very long hypomanic/manic epiosed with small crashes here and there, but basically it was constant up up up. In April I finally crashed completely into a horrible depression, really dark and hopeless one. After a few weeks of that my bf and mom send me to a doc to get some antidepressants to put me back on my feet. Unfortunately that send me straight back into being hypomanic and I feel like I'm up again since then. I got bp diagnosis only two months ago (makes so much sense) and got mood stabilizers, but I don't feel necessarily stable, I feel like I'm constantly on the edge of hypomania and somedays moving towards mania. It's exhausting. I almost crave to properly crash into low. To just rest and do nothing, even though it sound crazy to say. But I'm actually struggling here. Even when I'm laying down, my body can't be still, my nights are restless and mind constantly working. And I get what you say about a music. Lows can be somehow enjoyable to a certain point.", "link_id": "t3_cotda9", "time": 1565525446}}
{"ewlh1eb": {"text": "yeah, it happens  to me as well. I became very tense person because of my disorder. Very isolated. Trying  to keep myself in control. So sometimes, I just dream, fantasies  of loosing control and letting myself going mad. Just being fully what I am.I know I would completely regret that afterwards, so I keep myself in check. Nonetheless the desire is there.", "link_id": "t3_corrzj", "time": 1565523888}}
{"ewh1eh7": {"text": "Thank you :-)I only make art in my episodes. Sometimes I feel like it doesn't fully belong to me. When I look at it, it really reminds me how it feels, when it throws you to either end of the spectrum. It is intense.", "link_id": "t3_co8uno", "time": 1565395436}}
{"ewh0v36": {"text": "Thank you for letting me do it, I don't usually share, as it overwhelms most of the people or it's too hard to understand for them. Which I get, it ain't easy, so I'm very grateful for this community. I was diagnosed only a couple of months ago, but have been struggling my whole life. Discovering places like that is like a catch of fresh air. I'm not alone. It feels good, somehow:-)", "link_id": "t3_co8uno", "time": 1565395056}}
{"ewfyzes": {"text": "I am new here, but wanted to share as well. As over last weeks I found a lot of information and comfort here and would like to be an active part of the community. Sometimes it's hard to say if you're doing good or bad with that disease but I think I'm overall ok. I have been only diagosed 2months ago, but the more I read about it, the more I see I had it my whole life. My father had bipolar as well, just he wouldn't medicate and I come from a country where mental health awerness doesn't exist . We only learned that he has it when we moved to Ireland and his disease got out of control, he got lost in it and sadly took his own life at the age of 43 (R.I.P). Because from an early age I could see similarities in my and my father's behaviours, similarities in things I wasn't necessairly proud of, so I tried to make different choices to him, be a 'better' person. A task close to impossible when you're dealing with mental illness. Still I wasn't aware and it cost me a lot; friendships, degree, jobs, relationships. I became that always tense person, because bipolar doesn't show up only during a full blown mania/depression, it's always there, at least for me, the symphtoms are always there, one way or the other,  boilling underneath the surfface, waiting for me to loosen up my grip and give into it. It's a daily battle, that's exhausting and soul crushing. Nonetheless I am still here and I am not too bad. Last year was a wake up call, as my mania overdid itself, in one go I managed to lost 2 jobs due to paranoia (thinking everyone conspired against me) and psychosis(thinking I was some sort of higher being with super power and special mission), I destroyed my relationship (I was engaged and not far away from the wedding), got myself out of my house (I was the abusive and aggresive one) and took a loan to live of, which I spent in over a week or so, having no extra savings and not even knowing if I'm able to get any social support. So yeah. it wasn't fun, but it surly did feel like it, at the time I thought it all happened for a reason and there's something better coming  (not completely untrue though). I singed up for some courses as I got, obviously, great ideas for new businessess I could start and fell in love with a new guy. I probably don't have to say, how deep and dark was my depression when I finally crashed. Anyway, some choices I made during that period weren't so bad. The guy I am with now (1 year next week), turned out to be amazing, he has a close family member with a mental illlness himself, and he has an extreme levels of compassion, understanding and love! He helps me take life day by day. When I started to turn my sight into other directions, he helped me to stay focused on the commitments I already made. You can imagine how much I hated it, and how painful it was to move through it, when my crazy brain was ready to move on and find something more interesting, but was forced to stay here and finish what it started. Geez. Still, we manged and I finished my holistic massage course and in two months, fingers crossed, I will also hold a certification for a yoga teacher (I already passed exams, but have two more weekend to attend); and these are two things that actually seem to be quite good professions for someone with my condition (hopefuly). When I crashed, he helped me move through it, even though it was a very dark and difficult time for the two of us, I was suicidal and hopeless and wasn't able to move from exhaustion and sometimes even breath. We went from a doctor to a doctor, looking for the cause and in the end I end up in a psychiatrist office with a diagnose of bipolar 1 disorder .I recently started medication, and I think it is making me feel better already, even though it's still being adjusted. I did get a social support afterall and now I am able to go back to education with goverment help and complete a business course (so I could open my own massage/yoga studio and know how to go about it). My relationship seems to be stonger and healthier comparing to the ones I had before, I think knowing why I am the way I am is very helpful here and while I am at home, I am trying to work on creating a healthy routine and through theraphy learn how to minimalize possible stress factors and its effects on me. So I'd say I am doing well. Sorry for such a long message, as I said I was diagnosed recently and I can't deny I have it, even if I wanted to, but it's still sometimes difficult to accept it. I thought this post was some sort of try of accepting it and seeing for myself that it was tough, but it's not all that bad now. And can be even better, right?Thanks for reading to anyone who managed to get through it!", "link_id": "t3_cnp4xv", "time": 1565370313}}
{"ewfke7y": {"text": "Being with someone who struggles with bipolar disorder is challenging and requires a lot of work. I know that too well and you are very young so I'm not surprised that you can feel confused and overwhelmed. But as was mentioned before the other girl is a fantasy, you know nothing about her and her emotional baggage. Nonetheless if you're brain is dipping into fantasies like that then you surly should recheck your priorities and desires you have for this point in your life. It will be beneficial for you and your current gf. Going to talk to a therapist could help as well, especially since you mentioned that your current girlfriend is emotionally exhausting for you (or at least that's what I'm getting from your post). I constantly try to get my bf to go to talk with a therapist, cos no matter how hard I try, I know living with me, a bipolar person, can be tiring and confusing.", "link_id": "t3_cnwpeo", "time": 1565362814}}
{"ewcuj05": {"text": "I love it!", "link_id": "t3_cnp906", "time": 1565290527}}
{"ew72gyl": {"text": "Yeah, that was before my diagnosis though, when things where more confusing to me.", "link_id": "t3_cmuyvb", "time": 1565185053}}
{"ew70cdy": {"text": "Ah no, I am not spiritual. I do yoga and that's as far as it goes. I certainly got confused for a while with my beliefs, especially before the diagnosis, cos I completely didn't know what it was and where it was coming from and a lot of people around me were spiritual, and were trying to add sense to it, but yeah today I treat it as a warning that things are getting too high.", "link_id": "t3_cmuyvb", "time": 1565184003}}
{"ew5hpqw": {"text": "Thank you. And I do have to say, it was a quite incredible experience. I don't get it with all my manias and don't really understand where that comes from, but it's one of the things that do feel very good  (until I start talking to spirits, that can be weird :-) )", "link_id": "t3_cmuyvb", "time": 1565136547}}
{"ew5077n": {"text": "The thing is I am an atheist as well :) I only get it when manic. It caused me a great deal of explanations and confusions when I was coming off my highs and my regular beliefs were being restored. One time, I got myself into a cult, where people actually believed in the nonsense I was saying while I was psychotic (I should probably have been committed to a hospital at this stage, but I sort of happen to be around people who were \"crazier\" then me haha). When I'm stable I have a sense of wonder to me, but I'm very much on scientific side. When I enter Mania though, it's one of the most visible sympthoms to anyone who knows me as I start to see signs, connections and speak to higher beings etc.", "link_id": "t3_cmuyvb", "time": 1565123369}}
{"ew3omai": {"text": "hey, thanks. It's mixed media. Unfortunately I am not good with paints (yet), my epioseds knock me out of balance so much that I find hard to commit to things. But I discovered digital art recently and am enjoying the possibilities it offers to me. I do my own sketches and then apply colors digitally.", "link_id": "t3_cmizm0", "time": 1565089217}}
{"ew0vgps": {"text": "Pencil, black pen, red acrylic on a paper. For the final touches I scanned it and played with lights in some regular photo editor app :-)", "link_id": "t3_cm220h", "time": 1565007526}}
{"ew0rxpr": {"text": "Thank you so much for the nice comments. They mean so much to me.", "link_id": "t3_cm220h", "time": 1565003745}}
{"evy31uz": {"text": "yea I can relate so much to this! Extremely obsessive with healthy lifestyle and my rutine. Obviously the more manic I get, the more obsessive and intense it is. And at certain point I tend to overdo it (like hurting myself when exercising). Last year during mania I even sing up for a massage and yoga teacher courses:D with pain and hate I was left after the episode and amazing help and support of my partner I managed to finish the massage one (yay haven't completed anything in a while ). And I'm doing well with the yoga one (my next manic episode helped me nail my practical exam, even though I jumped out and volunteer to show off my skills without any previous preparation \ud83d\ude25).  So mania can have some charms to it.", "link_id": "t3_clppho", "time": 1564920485}}
{"evy091p": {"text": "Hi all, so I was recently diagnosed and I am still trying to wrap my head around it. It is not the easiest to accept that diagnosis, but I cannot really deny it. I am still trying to understand how it all works and what are my patterns, possible triggers etc.I know everyone is different, but I was wondering, how do your cycle go? Do you always crash in to depression, how long you stay there etc.?For me, I think, I stay in my high or low energy levels for weeks\\months, but my mood still fluctuates when I'm there, giving me, I believe, mixed episodes periodes (well usually happenes when  I am in my highs, lows are lows, dark and depressed, just certain days more functional then others). So I stay there long enough to sometimes even forget that I ever was on the other side (when I get really up or super low, nothing else exists apart from my emotions). But I usually go through a building up process, where I will nearly reach my higest state and then crash down for a day or two. Recharge and then do it again, and again, until I fully activate my mania and then go full on out of control for like a week or so and after I will start falling down into the arms of depression, bit by bit, deeper and deeper. My epioseds sort of creep on me, because of the build up, sometimes it's very hard to detec them, as the line between normal me and 'crazy' me can get bit blurry that way, but if I do catch them on time, I can get ready and minimize possible damages.Depending on stressors and environemnt, etc, I can also start flipping wildly and  break my patterns, but for last three years, since I comitted to a healhty lifestyle, tried to regulate my daily routine and limited possible triggers that seems to be the way with me. I very rarely feel normal though, even outside actual epioseds my emotions tend to be very intense and diffcult to deal with, and the closer I get to a full blown epiosed the harder it is to remain in control, so it sucks. Anyone can relate to that? and if not, how does it feel for you?", "link_id": "t3_ckzol3", "time": 1564916930}}
{"evwtp2t": {"text": "what exact words, it's hard to say cos it depends on a mood and situations. I tend to slide into my episodes, bit by bit, so sometimes it's hard to detect them. At the moment I'm on the low side, getting into depression. My self critic is kicking in, telling my how tired I am of all of this, how it doesn't make sense, how it doesn't matter what I do, I'll always end up in the darkness etc. How I'm ugly, fat and not worth to be loved etc. Makes me feel hopeless and life pointless.when I'm on the up side, I compliment myself, I get excited about everything, love life and the world. Unless I get paranoid and my thoughts start racing, then I don't know what I'm thinking. It's really hard to say, cos it changes but the general idea is that in the darkness your brain tries to talk you into completely giving into it and when you're high, it tries to keep you excited. Creates and feeds off the emotions to the point that you get lost in it. At least I get every now and again.", "link_id": "t3_clfo9l", "time": 1564873137}}
