SpanIchabod [info] YOU DID WHAT?! (Part 1) *First post, and on mobile so I apologise for formatting errors*This is going to be a little bit long, so I'm going to split it up into parts. The first part won't have the bad people in it, it's mainly to set the scene.When I was 16, I was diagnosed with anxiety after a particularly nasty panic attack. I received a therapy session every fortnight for almost a year, medication to level me out, and for when it got a bit rough as I was older, Valium. The catch 22 on the Valium being that I only ever had it with me when I was at home, where I was comfortable in my surroundings, so there was no need for me to ever take it. After about 2 years of dealing with "My Condition" as my therapist called it, I decided that I wasn't going to let anxiety and pharmaceuticals run my life, so I decided to stop using the medication with guidance from my doctor, which was basically to exercise and eat better food. So I joined a gym and decided to better myself. Now this could be the ending of the story, but I wouldn't be posting it here if it was.I joined a small gym near me, run by a guy we will call Jim (original, I know). Jim was an ex-soldier in his 40's who still worked out like he was in his 20's, the guy looked like he could punch a hole through you if he wanted. Funnily enough, he is one of the most caring people I have ever met. After a month, Jim noticed when I was working out, if the crowd was in one end of the gym, I was at the other end, out of the way of everyone else. One night he invited me into his office and asked what the deal was.  I told him about my anxiety, how I was trying to kick the meds, and how I figured exercise would help me stay balanced and not freak out in public, as I was used to doing. He totally understood, and said if I felt like I was going to lose it, I could let myself into his office to calm down, and when he could, he would come over and help me train. He also promised never  to speak a word of it to anyone, unless I gave permission. The man was an absolute saint.This arrangement worked out well for me, I was really enjoying going to the gym, and I was seeing a lot of progress. And everything seemed great. I was putting myself into social situations more, and leaving the house more often. [info] None [info] 1421155754 [info] test
Fauxdite [info] Knitting. I'm not even a little bit kidding. I was diagnosed with anxiety a few years ago, probably related to the fact that I was laid up with a chronic illness at the time and feeling penned in. I took up knitting, which is a way for me to redirect my nervous energy. It calms me down so much. I carry a small project in my purse and if I'm starting to feel it escalating, I can knit just about anywhere. On the bus, in a waiting room, in a restaurant while sipping a coffee, it's great. I did some cognitive behavioural therapy as well, which has taught me to recognize my anxiety and head it off at the pass before it escalates to the point where I have a panic attack.  [info] None [info] 1446471870 [info] test
jeanguardian [info] Fear Of Throwing Up On Stage (With Open Mic Approaching) Hey guys,My first open mic will be this Tuesday. I am prepared to only do moderately-well, but that's not the problem... My issue is that I have this irrational fear of throwing up in public. With the open mic coming, this has been transferred to it happening on stage.This strange phobia surrounds all aspects of my life... Even something as simple as riding the bus, or going to work can be a struggle because of it. I am diagnosed with anxiety and it feeds off that. However, my dream is to do standup and I will be going up no matter what. I have never thrown up in public other than once (and that was alcohol related). What can I do to get this idea out of my head? I really want to go up and experience this without having an abnormal amount of anxiety. Thanks. [info] None [info] 1426963717 [info] test
Raimrus [info] It’s completely taken over me. I need advise on how to control this. I’m on multiple medications (can’t remember names off top of my head) to try and control it and none of them are working at all. I was diagnosed with anxiety in 7th grade and it’s just gotten progressively worse. Especially this school year. I get anxiety out of nowhere for no reason and since I have IBS, IBD, and Indeterminate colitis it also effects that too, causing ‘anxiety poops’ as many people call it. Basically if there’s no bathroom or none nearby my anxiety kicks in and makes my stomach super upset. I also sometimes get hot flashes and rapid heart rate/heart palpitations. Just recently for my birthday I went to Chinatown with my best friend and while we were driving there my anxiety kicked in and we had to stop at Dunkin’ Donuts so I could use the bathroom because of it.It’s gotten so bad that I’m afraid to go anywhere in fear of it acting up. It happens out of random with no trigger whatsoever. I’m desperate for relief so I can do things I want to without this constant fear. [info] None [info] 1551073871 [info] test
ZoeZoemomo [info] Am I paranoid? So my dad has paranoia. He convinces himself that every girlfriend he has cheats on him and every ex he has stalks him and wants to hurt him. I've been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder but I'm starting to wonder if the diagnosis is correct. I don't think I'd have the same kind of as my father, I'm not even sure its hereditary. I have a boyfriend I've been with for over three years now and never had I had issues worrying he's cheated on me or anything.But the things I struggle with are  things like I'm afraid people are going to hurt me or I'm worried mythical creatures exist and I might see them or something. I don't hallucinate but sometimes I hear sounds and I convince myself its something bad. I think that the average person might hear a scary story and think about it at night every now and then or maybe once but when I hear something I think about it all the time. It haunts me and its always there. I can't really say I'm afraid of just the dark or loneliness because I'm scared all the time.If I'm not distracted enough I'll begin to think something outrageous like "What if that thing I read about in Greek Mythology two years ago actually exist and comes to get me tonight?" or *sounds of house settling* "It HAS to be a ghost! The house cant possibly settle that much or be THAT loud!"These aren't my only issues because the ones I described when I was diagnosed with anxiety were the tactics I used when I'm out in public. I'm worried strangers will hurt me so I often do things to avoid people like if someone is walking behind me on the same sidewalk I'll cross the street and if they follow they must be trying to stab me or something. Sometimes I look at the reflections on housing/ building's windows as a way to always know where every stranger is at all times rather behind me or around a corner.I hate being scared and constantly worrying but I seem to have an addiction into looking up things I'm scared about which I don't understand. If I'm so scared of irrational things like monsters then why would I look up stories about monsters? Opinions? Thoughts? [info] None [info] 1434727074 [info] test
bananas_cake [info] I told my friend I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder and they told me just not to think about it and I won’t be anxious anymore  [info] None [info] 1544765214 [info] test
annettag33 [info] Distraction Post I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder in  2012 and are all too familiar how it can take over your life. I know how scary and uncomfortable they can be. Once we start to learn how to use distractions and gain back mind control, it gets better. I just wanted to share what helps me calm down and sleep at night in hopes that it helps someone else.https://youtu.be/pDrh2D5efEM [info] None [info] 1580457199 [info] test
throwlkjhaway [info] I just wanna rant. It's okay if no one reads this. I was diagnosed with anxiety when I was in the third grade, and it never really went away. So I've basically lived my entire life with a lump at the back of my throat. I'm 19 and in college. With finals around the corner and big papers due, I feel especially panicked and stressed out right now. With thanksgiving and Christmas here, my eating disorder has gotten out of control. I spent last night alone in my boyfriend's apartment crying over the toilet because I couldn't purge my thanksgiving binge completely. It was so acidic that I just choked on it and experienced a burn that still hasn't gone away. This is making my tonsillitis worse. (I'm stressed out because I have to get a tonsillectomy over break and have watched too many procedural videos). I wonder if my boyfriend notices that I smell like gross vomit. I wonder if he notices that I sometimes cry myself to sleep even though I'm safe in his arms.  Anyways I just feel like a complete and utter failure. I have few friends and basically nothing going for me. I'm alone in my apartment at the moment because all 4 of my roommates are at home with their functional families. I'm just sitting here struggling to breathe. I just ate a lot of Christmas chocolates and hotdogs. Purged it. I'll just pretend I'm not wilting on the inside. [info] None [info] 1448688614 [info] test
morgannwoods [info] Ideas on what to include in ‘letters I’ll never send’ to try to get closure? I’ve been working on self improvement non stop since high school when I was diagnosed with anxiety &amp; panic disorder, but I often struggle letting the past go or I guess forgiving people. I have heard writing letters you’ll never send has helped people find some kind of closure and I really want to give it a shot, but I’m not sure what to include. I want to write to an ex of 5 years, an ex best friend that lied &amp; destroyed the relationship, and my dad who passed away last year from alcoholism. Do you guys have any ideas on what I should include or should I just sit down, start, and let it flow? [info] None [info] 1585020113 [info] test
Scaredistka [info] We are 20,and 19 we are together for 3 years .i have ROCD for 1 year almost and I am diagnosed with anxiety disroder and ocd [info] None [info] 1556489353 [info] test
Godecapitator [info] It does help! I do know that but I value your response, thank u.  I *just* replied to a post in this sub advising to take their own time w telling a therapist their trauma. I realize now, maybe some background might help this post. I am also a victim of physical &amp; sexual abuse (not rape) I'm 38 &amp; a proud father of a 15 year old daughter &amp; 7 yr old son. I've been diagnosed with anxiety &amp; mood disorders. I've struggled w addiction most of my life but I've been sober for over a year :) I could not have done it w out the help of others, mostly my therapist &amp; now I hope to help others.  I realize now, the gist of my post, is that even though I've been victimized myself, I'm male &amp; want to be very sensitive to the female situation. Yes, I know men are raped also, but I know women are the majority of victims by male predators &amp; I'm hyper aware that I'm the same sex as most abusers. I don't want my sex to be a..trigger, so what can I do to neutralize that?..if that makes sense, any responses would be highly appreciated.Edit for clarity. [info] None [info] 1452372480 [info] test
flightoftheswan [info] Dream's about being back at high school I have reoccurring dreams of being back at my high school (Private, read context below). I always ask myself the question while I'm in those dreams; "Didn't I already finish high school Already?." Does anyone have an idea of the meaning behind these dreams? It always seems to be set in the first high school I attended and not the second one.  So a little context. So I'm 23 now and I went to 2 different high schools. I went to a private school for about 4 years and had trouble with my grades and didn't really pay attention in class, I ended up changing to a public school for 2 years and completed it. I did not do well but at least I passed with very low marks. This was 5 years ago and since then I have not attended University or anything and feel as though I have wasted the last 5 years partying and achieving little. I have been diagnosed with anxiety by a therapist and quite stressed with where I am in life at the moment [info] None [info] 1580215547 [info] test
etical13 [info] What the fuck is wrong with me.... Hello, my name is Gabriel and I was diagnosed with anxiety and hypochodriac disorder a few months ago. My anxiety symptoms went away, but I still have some moments when i feel lightheaded (this happens when i am in a place i am not comfortable in or have some stupid thoughts), muscle tension, tiredness, moments when I think "well, i'm sure I'm not gonna reach 30" and stupid thoughts, but at least I am not dizzy as before, I am not losing balance anymore, the blur vision went away, no more headaches, I don't have panic attacks which is great. ~~and also i'm not so hypochondriac anymore, at least talking about organ diseases... but now i think i am mentally hypochondriac.So... coming back to the stupid thoughts.. i think that my mind invents fears when it's bored... Like HARM OCD, there were thoughts that were scaring the shit out of me in which i imagined killing my family in so many ways and after that killing myself. Thoughts that went away with the autosugestion "those are just thoughts, it's only in my head, it will never happen". I had moments when I thought I was having psychosis episoded when the faces of my classmates seemed to scare me (i got to the conclussion that i was auto inducing this... like, maybe everything else ) or when I was waking up from nightmares terrified and hoping not to hear voices or lose control. Well.. I've cured from those above, maybe I went insane (which is a fear of mine) and stop giving a shit about them. But now I have a constant thought (that kinda makes me worried) which is that i never had my own personality or i lost it... maybe it's a personality crisis, i don't know, you name it. I've always been imitating a character from a movie after seeing it, a character from a book after reading it (now I have moments when I am Will Greyson), a person that I liked, when I started wishing to go to an artistic college and become an actor I was giving myself a new character everyday and yeah.. all those characters are fighting against me, mentally.Maybe my anxiety lead me to this personality crisis because I am afraid to do something that I enjoyed in the past (like drinking, smoking, watching gore or horror movies, wander the whole town feeling invicible), but I kinda have thoughts that contradict in my head like... half of my mind is atheist and the other part is a christian, like half of my mind likes a person and the other part doesn't. My friends told me that I am someone else everyday....I kinda miss the old me everyday, the bastard who didn't give a shit about dying and doing a lot of stupid things... maybe if my parents went with me to a psychiatric when my random panic attacks began (which started after two weeks after a horrible experience when i got high accidentaly with 350mg of dextrometorphan and where i had 6 hours of constant panic attacks) maybe now I would've been normal. We went to a psychiatrist after living with the anxiety and it's symptoms for almost 3 months (after i had a major panic attack where i couldn't breathe and my mom said "that's it.. i'm making an appoinment for you next week")and the psych gave me 0.25mg of xanax and serlift (serotonin inhibitors i think) and sent me for 3 sessions at a psycho therapist, but I never took the pills and I got better (talking only about the anxiety symptoms) without them, but now I have those stupid thoughts....Sometimes I feel like I am not the one talking or when I think of what happend two days ago feels like remembering what happend a year ago.. feels like so much time have passed. Also I have so many deja-vusi am sorry for the way i wrote this and not making total sense.. but at this moment i have derealisation which I got used to.What do you say? I am mentally ill, right? [info] None [info] 1509372315 [info] test
alliesbachshitcrazy [info] Help! First experience last night So last night I woke up at 2am hallucinating, but I knew I was awake and seeing things that were not actually there. This had never happened to me before, so I sat in the bathroom wondering if I was reacting weirdly to one of my medications and began to get anxious that I needed to go to the ER. After I stumbled to the bathroom and turned on the light, I noticed that the light helped. My hallucinations were all sorts of things, from little things flying around my vision to my fiancee’s face swirling. Nothing truly scary, though, just odd. I was terrified because I had never experienced this before. I’m wondering if it was due to alcohol/late nap, here’s how my day went: my fiancee and I were out all day from like 10am-7pm, and by the time we got home we were exhausted and I had had quite a few mimosas at brunch and the farmers market that still hadn’t quite worn off. We both fell asleep accidentally from about 7:30pm-10pm, woke up, ate something, and I fell back to sleep around midnight. Then I woke up around 2-2:30am hallucinating for the first time. The hallucinations lasted for about 20 minutes while I sat in bed trying to calm down and drink water.Additional info: I am diagnosed with anxietyMy question: should I expect this to happen again tonight? I’m terrified. Or do you think it was because of alcohol and a late nap, etc? [info] None [info] 1578281419 [info] test
-kittrick [info] I have been having nightmares almost every night for 26 years... The nightmares range in levels of scariness... but I will often have more than one every night. I literally can't remember a night where I have not had a nightmare, but I am assuming that I must have had a nightmare free night at some point. My very earliest memory is of a terrifying nightmare when I was about 2 or 3. As I grew up, I used to pray for about an hour each night (I'm not even religious) and beg that God would keep me from nightmares for just one night. The nightmares are often recurring, but lately it seems that there are a handful of recurring themes rather than actual recurring dreams like I used to have. I sometimes have dreams too, but these tend to be about very mundane and "not-wacky" subjects, but I will always end up having a nightmare later on (or earlier) in the night. I can often wake up mid-nightmare and will fall back to sleep and fall straight back into the nightmare. I am a 26 year old caucasian female, living in England. I'm about 5'4'' and weigh about 9 stone. I've recently been diagnosed with anxiety (~ 1 year) and I'm currently on 20mg of Citalopram for that. However, I was a fit and healthy kid (obviously not on Citalopram back then!) and I've been suffering with these vivid nightmares since I was **at least** 3. I'm not really expecting this to go anywhere, as I have been trying to get help for this for years. As a kid, doctors would say "kids often have nightmares, she'll grow out of it". As a teen, doctors would say "hormonal changes often give teens nightmares, it'll pass". As a young adult, doctors just wouldn't take me seriously and would assume I was lying when I said that I don't smoke or drink excessively, that I don't watch TV or go on my phone at night, that I have perfect sleep hygiene habits. Then I was diagnosed with anxiety and they had the perfect excuse "vivid dreams and nightmares are a common issue in people with anxiety - get treatment for the anxiety and the nightmares will go away". When I began seeing a lot of progress on the treatment of the anxiety but still no change with the nightmares, the doctors would say "vivid dreams are a common side effect of the drugs you are on. Give it a few months". I just know that the next time I go back they will say something like "you're going through a stressful time - stress often causes nightmares". I want to scream and tear my hair out! DOES ANYONE ELSE SUFFER WITH THIS?? HELP! :( [info] This user has not yet been verified. [info] 1493291507 [info] test
MerchantofDeath79 [info] I know what you're going through. I was diagnosed with anxiety almost a year ago and my girlfriend of 5 years left me even before I could tell her about my struggles. The anxiety made dealing with the breakup a hell of a lot harder. I'd have panic attacks whenever I thought of her, which was almost always. I'd run out of classrooms and work, unable to catch my breath. To make things worse, I just kept getting high instead of dealing with my feelings.As cliched as it sounds, it gets better.  If someone would have told me the same a few months ago, I wouldn't have believed them. I feel so much better than I did for a long time. You'll have to work hard to get there. Read, listen to inspiring people, keep a journal, see a therapist and follow their instructions to the dot, avoid drinking and drugs. As amazing as your life was before, it can be better than your wildest dreams if you put your mind to it. Every single day will be rewarding because you'll know in your heart that you're doing everything you can to leave the past behind. That feeling is priceless. [info] None [info] 1540730455 [info] test
not_a_l1zard [info] Ive had lots going on and im so stressed and dont know how to vocalise it TL:DR; I've had issues coming to terms with home life, i got bad family news and i had a really tough time at work and now im overwhelmed&amp;#x200B;So I \[F20\] have had a really weird relationship with my mum for a while where I think Its great and then I get confused thinking she emotionally abused me alongside her husband for years (story for another thread). I was diagnosed with anxiety when I was around 16 and after moving out it went away a lot but still peeks up from time to time. Because of this if I get low I get really low. So I went home recently and I argued with my mum because she said I wasn't spending enough time with her (she had been at work and I went out 1 night for a party for my boyfriends family so I couldn't spend LOADS of time with her because she wasn't there either). After having a go at me she then told me about my uncle taking an overdose (I had no idea he was that low - he didn't die but it really shook me up), she also told me his gf is abusing him so I started panicking about my baby cousin who lives with them. All of this set me off but I didn't wasn't to annoy my mum so I pretended it was all fine. She also told me my nana had a mental breakdown and was found on a beach with a knife (she was struggling to deal with the issues concerning my uncle).My mum then told me to stop because everything was fine (she ''didn't want me worked up'').I get back to university after this and go back to work, I work as a first aider, one of my first aid cases was a boy telling me how much he wanted to die, (his dad had died recently) and how suicidal he was which i really struggled to deal with. When I spoke to my boss about this he said he didn't know what to do either so I was just sat dealing with him until he went home and then I needed to assist in contacting with supportive services so that he could get some help.After all this Im so overwhelmed and I dont really have anyone to vent to. Of course I have my boyfriend but I cant repeatedly complain to him, I did talk to him about it and hes being supportive but I feel like I need to let it out again.I don't want to complain for attention but I just want to let it out. Sorry for whining... [info] None [info] 1538608276 [info] test
This_is_Evil [info] Health anxiety So  I had a huge panic attack last year because I thought I was dying, well not really it started with just me trying to sleep but I could hear my heartbeat increase  and somehow I made that connection. I went to the doctor he said it was a panic attack and that it's because I had stress and I was anxious, I guess that I was diagnosed with anxiety like that. After that everytime I get any kind of symptom, like a headache, being cold, heck even back pain worries me and it makes me panic. I had an anxiety attack because I conviced myself that I had an neurological problem and only after hearing stories of how people can't feel their limbs for days, while I can, made me realise that I'm just fine,. I'm almost 19 and this is taking my life away, can someone help? [info] None [info] 1549214359 [info] test
nbgbernd [info] I'm diagnosed with anxiety and panic disorder and can somewhat relate. I'm in my early 20s and used to have a normal sex life, but dating and having casual sex became impossible since I'm having serious anxious episodes and panic attacks. Last time I had sex is over a year ago...But to be honest what does it matter? I'd rather have no sex for the next 10 years as long I can live without anxiety. This shouldn't bother you, I think. I'm in therapy and slowly feeling better, I wouldn't be surprised if I even have fun with a girl soon. But I don't wanna rush this and becoming healthy is really the #1 priority here.&gt;I'm wondering if these feelings will ever change.Things will change for the better if you work on yourself. Anxiety disorder is curable, you don't have to be like this forever. Remember that thinking "this will be forever as bad as now" and "I'm going to be crazy forever" are normal thoughts when you have anxiety. This is your illness talking to you, its not the truth.&gt;My mom keeps bugging me for not having a girlfriend. I wouldn't be surprised if she thinks I'm gay haha. Does your mother know about your condition? You could talk with her about this maybe.PM me if you feel like talking privately.  [info] anxiety/panic disorder + depression [info] 1455803184 [info] test
kimininegaiwo [info] You've found the right place! I was diagnosed with anxiety recently as well. Welcome! [info] Health Anxiety, Emetophobia [info] 1467782597 [info] test
SinOfMemesMeliodas [info] I can relate very much, while hospitalized for other reasons, I can relate to having a similar convo with my no (at the time she smoked weed in front of her three kids (I'm 17 now, PJ was 6 and Kaitlynn was 5 at the time). And lastly I can relate I was diagnosed with anxiety but I don't let it ever hold me back :) [info] None [info] 1551113956 [info] test
nedermeier [info] okay. thank you very much. maybe it is, I am diagnosed with anxiety also. [info] None [info] 1488827696 [info] test
mckski [info] 1.That I am always anxious. Yes I am diagnosed with anxiety but that doesn't mean I cant be confident and be able to talk to random people I can I just need to be in a good mindset2. That I hate soical interactions, I love meeting new people, talking to tourists, making new friends and talking I just so happen not to be very good at it [info] None [info] 1565048509 [info] test
mathnugget [info] Dealing with physical symptoms? After having a complete mental breakdown last year I was diagnosed with anxiety and emetaphobia (phobia of being sick) which in turn makes me dry heave or gag in certain situations (college, speaking to people) etc. If anyone can relate how do you deal with the physical symptoms and how are you doing now? [info] None [info] 1394389373 [info] test
Asspickles [info] Will I experience anxiety my first time smoking? I am diagnosed with anxiety disorder, and I am going to smoke for the first time soon. I have heard that weed causes anxiety. Will I experience a lot of or enhanced anxiety after smoking, or will I be alright? Wondering because I don't want to have to back out because I have an anxiety attack or something like that. [info] None [info] 1434608770 [info] test
hey_yall_whatsgud [info] I am 15 years old and i have been there. It’s not the fact that people who do his can have great lives, because so do I. It’s our heads. I can’t control how I feel about myself. I hate every part of me, but I was always seen as a girl who was happy with her life and always laughing. When I was twelve I was diagnosed with anxiety and proclaimed anorexic. Everyone I knew had the same question: How? Well, I couldn’t tell you that answer if I tried. People don’t always have a reason for hating themselves, it’s just the way our minds work. I send out my sincerest regards to you and your family and tell your son he is not alone. There is ALWAYS someone there for us, whether we choose to believe it or not. [info] None [info] 1554917005 [info] test
studentonpills [info] Me [20 F] having issues finding relationships TLDR: Hormones/anxiety/fear of intimacyI was diagnosed with anxiety about 5 years ago and the relationship me and my mum have has always been rocky. I also have PCOS (means I have higher testosterone levels than average). I have been finding it extremely difficult to find a guy which I think may be linked to these issues. I don't know whether I experience romantic feelings or not (the whole thing panics me like what if I never find someone) I love the idea of a guy taking me out for meals etc but can't see it happening anytime soon.Whilst at uni, I have had many instances where I've taken guys home from nights out and we've done everything bar sex because I always panic and just want him to get out. I feel really vulnerable even though they have done nothing wrong. Idk what it is I want to have intimacy with a guy, I think my body is just trying to tell me I'm not ready which is frustrating. I would really appreciate talking to someone who has experienced similar issues/knows anything about this [info] None [info] 1523393928 [info] test
Surr07 [info] I recently had a breakdown with my ADHD, anxiety and hypersensitivity. I am diagnosed. However, my medicine is slowly starting to not work as effectively as it once did. So until I can get that fixed it is going to be an uphill battle. My suggestion is to allow yourself to feel those emotions. My problem seems to be keeping all of what I like to call my asshole feelings (really it is just honesty) to myself for a good portion if not all of my day. Becomes a sincere task that occasionally I am unable to overcome. I would say try going and getting diagnosed. That is what it took for me. My first trip, I was diagnosed with anxiety, my second trip I was diagnosed with ADD and ADHD. It sucks not being medicated for it but it is do-able. Just have to tell yourself you are taking steps in the right direction to better your current situation. Good luck, hope this helps in one way or another. [info] None [info] 1531486077 [info] test
voidkilla [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety and agoraphobia. I was stuck in my house for a year and half. With faith, hard work, and citalopram I'm out in the world again working 70 hour weeks, paying bills, married, and HAPPY! [info] None [info] 1467833091 [info] test
wtlaw [info] Diagnosis - the identification of the nature of an illness...  I was diagnosed with anxiety. Does that mean it's not a mental illness? How is it wrong? There is nothing wrong with mental illness. You're mentally ill in how you don't agree with your prescribed birth sex.I was commenting on the post-op because you were saying that it can cure them of their gender dysphoria.  [info]  [info] 1501090124 [info] test
Che789 [info] This is really insightful, I think many people can relate. I've been diagnosed with anxiety since i was a kid, but I've never really understood how it manifests itself in my life. This might explain my issues with school too, with the fear of accountability for my failure. Thank you for commenting [info] 5'8'' | CW: 110 | GW: 105 | -6 | F [info] 1508314068 [info] test
Fiva1609 [info] This might be long so please ignore any grammatical Errors thx. When I was 9 one day before my then the birthday I got Bell’s palsy. So half of my face became useless it couldn’t move and my eye could not blink half of my mouth would not open and I could not taste of one half of my mouth. One more story when I was twelve in one week my dad got in an accident I could not walk for weeks and needed life altering surgery my grandma got cancer again and my mom found out my brother collage money was gambled away like wtf I also had like 20 panic attacks that week ( I have been diagnosed with anxiety since I was like 3 due to the many surgery’s I’ve had and stuff like that I still think that I have my problems like I have sociopathic tendencies ( I used to make up problems to make my mom and dad to make problems like my dad yelled at me and tell my mom even if he did not so my mom would be mad.  But that was when no was younger today my grandma is healthy my brother is better and I love my mom and dad guess how old I am. Am 13 🤫 [info] None [info] 1562726370 [info] test
hungrysoul91 [info] Dear porn... Dear Porn,&amp;#x200B;Today I say goodbye to you and to the false illusion you have given me, if we ever see each other again ... I failed.&amp;#x200B;We met when I was diagnosed with anxiety, and in those that were the worst times of my life, you give me your hand and you seemed a solution. I was 16 years old.&amp;#x200B;And here I stand... 28 years, and somewhere along the way you became an addiction.&amp;#x200B;I am writing to you because yesterday I realized how alone I am in this damn world.&amp;#x200B;I have never loved, never been loved, I can hardly talk to women, I suffer from social anxiety, I spend the days looking at the past  thinking about what I could have done differently.&amp;#x200B;I feel that I wasted opportunities after opportunities.&amp;#x200B; I realized that  hit rock bottom.&amp;#x200B;But today ... today I feel a fire inside of me, a thirst for revenge and an insatiable desire for change.&amp;#x200B;Today I decided that I want to start living, I want to regain everything that you have taken away from me.&amp;#x200B;I hope there's still time for me. I hope there is still time to live what I have not lived&amp;#x200B;Today is the first day of the rest of my life.&amp;#x200B;Sincerly,A future happy man&amp;#x200B;PS:  Thank you all from the bottom of my heart for inspiring me.(Sorry about the English) [info] None [info] 1556833705 [info] test
RepressedThot [info] A lot of my childhood I can't remember either. I've been diagnosed with anxiety and persistent depressive disorder also known as dysthymia. I grew up with my father in and out of my life but always in a very toxic way. I've thought I had PTSD but am not sure. I was seeing a therapist for a few months but then moved and haven't gotten insurance back. I remember a lot of verbal abuse and traumatic stuff like spending Christmas visiting my dad in prison but it's hard to think there is worse stuff that is repressed. I think it's messed up how the environment we grow up in can follow us for so long. My and my bf don't want kids ever due to our childhood, we don't think we'd be good parents.  Im sorry what you have gone through I hope you can find ways to cope and improve yourself. [info] None [info] 1556037211 [info] test
bear_ios [info] Paranormal things since I was a small kid changed my entire life, and I have no explanation The paranormal activities that changed my whole life started in 2006, and I was only a child.Ever since I was a small girl, I only remember the things that happened to me with my so called “ghosts”.As really as the age of 3, I used to have recent sleep paralysis and odd encounters with either humans or inhuman things.The first one I remember is what I call the shadow man, and I’d love to hear if any of you guys had something like this.I woke up one night in cold sweat, unable to move my body except for my head.I looked over to the door, about to scream to my mom but then I saw a tall shadow, just looking at me from the slightly-open door. I just looked at it for what seemed like hours and it gave off this unexplainable energy.It wasn’t violent but I didn’t feel safe.What felt like hours later I finally managed to sit up and the shadow suddenly came closer as I tried to scream but couldn’t and after that I believe I might have blacked out.That was the point it all began...I remember having sleepless nights, just staring into air with a blank expression and my body not moving but somehow not being exhausted, going to different places and suddenly feel the need to get as far away from there because I feel like I’m followed, like I’m being watched.Because I was a kid, living like this wasn’t really normal in the quiet neighborhood I grew up in, so my parents took me to see a psychologistI was diagnosed with anxiety, not so severe that I had to take meds, but still as an anxious child.And so on, everything continued like that, me being stressed and losing friends because of what I was experiencing.When it peaked I was in 6th grade, no friends, barely talked and never got my head out of my book, the complete opposite of the lively kid I used to be.I fell into a depressive state and kept blaming the ghosts and demons in my life.My memory was wiped, I don’t remember anything from age 12 or even 13 and down, only my encounters and a few happy but random moments from my life, and I have no other memory problems, just this complete wipe.After four years I got out of that depressive state, and thankfully during my recovery not a lot happened in the paranormal field of my life.But not long ago I visited a graveyard for the very first time, to see my mom’s family.I truly believe, as ridiculous as it sounds, something followed me back.Weird noises, knocking, whispers of my name and doors opening and closing are the things that lead me to believe that.I got so scared I recorded myself one night and listened back to it, saving every weird noise or knock I hear.And so we come to now, where I am afraid of going places and I don’t even feel safe in my own room.I tried to find an explanation to everything, talked with everyone I can get my story to.My friends really don’t believe me and while listening to the recordings I tried to be as skeptical as possible, sharing them with other skeptics and we found no explanation.I haven’t checked the area for paranormal activities because I don’t think I heard of basically any of them.I want to hear other stories, people who had similar or even same encounters and how they are doing because I am just lost at this point.I am sorry if my English is a bit weird or if I have some mistakes since it’s not my first language. [info] None [info] 1549977500 [info] test
helpagirlout223 [info] No, I’ve never experienced any trauma, but I have been diagnosed with anxiety and when I’m overloaded with stress, my medical health is usually my target. Like I’ll immediately think there’s something wrong with me (whether it be related to my downstairs or not) and it will take over my thoughts for a while until I get over/through what I’m stressed about. I guess that’s not too healthy either.  [info] None [info] 1547559579 [info] test
sleepyeyes_24_7 [info] That is one of the first questions I was asked when I was diagnosed with anxiety.  "If three people were walking down the street toward you, and they were laughing, would you think they were laughing at you?" [info] None [info] 1405540800 [info] test
allygory [info] * I have two, I was diagnosed with both anxiety and laryngitis for several years before getting a proper diagnosis of hypothyroidism because the doctor(s) I saw thought i was just angling for weight loss drugs* I was diagnosed with anxiety and IBS for, no exaggeration, 35 years before getting diagnosed correctly with Celiac  [info] None [info] 1383583887 [info] test
boosegoose [info] For me autism is normality so it's hard to explain it. I have aspergers and I wasn't diagnosed until I was 29 so I am considered "high functioning".Basically I was diagnosed with anxiety and a high intelligence from a young age so people used to kind of put a "sensitive genius" label on me rather than autism because I was a girl and girls tend to get diagnosed later than boys if at all.What was interpreted as anxiety, which is generally a comorbidity with autism, was my trains of thought moving too quickly combined with my sensory issues. I have multiple trains of thought running at all times. They run fast like bullet trains and when I can get them all running in the right directions I will have a really amazing and productive day. Usually a couple will fuck up and go all over the place though and this is an average day. I'm either trying to ignore it or manage it. Both take energy. So with these trains of thought, I might be doing really well with them and then suddenly someone comes into the room wearing perfume, or maybe I'll walk into a room with a horrible colourful patterned carpet. Whatever it might be, it is so strong to me because of my sensory issues that I can't process anything else and it basically derails all the trains. When the trains derail I have what is known as a meltdown.For me my mind sort of shuts off and I lose my ability to speak. I become non verbal and need to shut myself away in a controlled environment to reset my mind. I also don't like people to see me like this as I tend to rock back and forth and tap my head with my hand, and tap my feet rapidly. I look odd to someone who doesn't understand. I used to run to the bathroom to engage in this behaviour at school. Probably another reason didn't pick up on me having autism until much later. I've always taken things too literally. Jokes have often gone over my head because I miss things. I need more time to process what people say because I take language very literally and take things at face value. You can't be passive aggressive with me. It won't work, I will not pick it up. If you tell me you are fine and you aren't too bad. Also as I take my context from your choice of words rather than tone because tone is harder for me to read I need you to choose them carefully. This also makes vagueness harder for me to stomach because I rely so much of the specifity of your words. For instance "Soon" is too ambiguous a word. Give me specifics. Ambiguity gives me intense anxiety. If things are ambiguous I can't put them in a list or schedule in my mind. Everything for me needs to be timed and categorised. I couldn't stop it if I wanted to. It just happens automatically.For instance when I meet someone new my mind pulls out a checklist from a file cabinet in my mind and tells me what I need to do. Smile. Make eye contact. Say hi and introduce yourself. Offer your hand to shake. It's not a choice I made to make a list and see a file cabinet, it's just always been that way. Relationships are difficult because of my tendency to take people at face value and struggle to read between the lines. People can also struggle with my frankness, and how chatty I can be if you get me on to a topic I consider a special interest. I don't always realise I'm not letting anyone else get a word in because my brain is moving so fast I feel like I've only said a tiny amount even though I've been rambling on and on. I also tend to be very black and white. There's a strong sense of right and wrong because I dislike ambiguity. I try very hard to process grey areas but they just sit so badly with me. I tend to cut people out of my life who disagree with me if they keep talking about it because it causes me physical distress to think about it. I have a checklist for peacefully resolving things like political disagreements now though where I take a deep breath, say we shouldn't discuss this subject any more, agree to disagree and either shake hands or hug it out depending on my bond with the person. I also find neurotypical people want a lot more from me than I am at times capable of giving. Like in a romantic relationship they can move very quickly and feel things in the early stages and want a lot of my time which I find intense and off putting. I need a reasonable amount of alone time each day. If I don't have that I get really distressed and have meltdowns. I find I spend a lot of my time managing the expectations of neurotypical people and it's very tiring. I also think there's a misconception that people with ASD don't have as much empathy or care as much but for me I feel like it's the opposite. Like externally I appear shut down or I might now show emotion but internally it's like a raging sea. When my cousin died I was a wreck inside but maybe externally people might think I didn't care much because I seem so stoic and unmoved. The reason I shut down is because I feel so much I can't process anything else. I guess in summary for me I guess the world just feels faster, louder, brighter, and smellier than it does to most people. It's more confusing because things for me are more black and white and I can't always tell if people are saying what they mean or how they really feel. I often feel like the world would be simpler if more people just said what they wanted instead of expecting people to guess.  [info] None [info] 1485437989 [info] test
TrillionStab [info] I could see it being a result of being anxious or depressed, but not one of the contributing factors of it. My eyes weren't ever dry before I was diagnosed with anxiety. [info] None [info] 1501347080 [info] test
syllu [info] Worked as an administrator at hotel. Told my direct boss that i had panic attacks while working and took what we call a "sick-leave" in Estonia for a couple of days since I was diagnosed with anxiety and started taking new medicine. He completely ignored my doctor's orders and wrote a really angry email to me.  [info] None [info] 1531605679 [info] test
studentofserapis [info] I was born muslim and the rest of my family is completely muslim. I started to doubt Islam when Inwas confronted with the verse that claimed that Maryam the mother of Jesus is the sister of Haroon. This Haroon in jewish tradition has a sister called Maryam but is not the same as Maryam the mother of Jesus. To me it seemed like the people who wrote the Quran mixed them up and it would be impossible that the Quran is a divine revelation. After that I discovered more and more errors in the Quran.This was about three years ago. After that I ignored this problem and became full on religious. Until last year when I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder and suffered from severe panic attacks and health anxiety. I got therapy and meds and I got better. The world seemed more clear to me and I decided not to waste my time on bs anymore. I couldn’t even make myself to believe in islam anymore. I studied evolution and thought it made complete sense.No one around me knows I left islam. It’s not really necessary. My family is muslim but not conservative and not strict. I can do whatever I want and I have no problems keeping my apostacy to myself. [info] New User [info] 1530283415 [info] test
emmaensign [info] I am diagnosed with anxiety disorders and I'm totally fine when I'm drunk, infact it helps me loosen up and be more friendly and open towards people [info] None [info] 1451107881 [info] test
Forester15 [info] Anyone else have an issue after a significant loss? I was diagnosed with anxiety as a sophomore in high school. Went to a doctor to get medication but he wouldn't prescribe me anything and instead referred me to a psychiatrist. I didn't find his techniques helpful and was able to control it through my own methods, quite successfully until mid-sophomore year of college when a friend of mine who I was close to passed away. This was back on Christmas. Ever since I have found that my anxiety is worse than ever. It used to be that I only got anxious in large crowds/groups but now I can't stand to be in a car with people unless I'm driving, I don't want to interact with others, I feel trapped all the time, and I have a constant worry that my SO will leave me because of these issues among other things. Please help! Please tell me that I'm not the only one to have experienced this. Tips would be great to help set me on the path to some sense of normality.TLDR: I've had anxiety for years. Got it under control then my best friend died and now my anxiety is far worse than it ever was. [info] None [info] 1373930723 [info] test
marie1192 [info] Not yet diagnosed with OCD but experiencing intrusive thoughts and I have been diagnosed with anxiety recently. F you OCD/Anxiety. 🙌🏼 [info] None [info] 1547047247 [info] test
YoloReally [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder and I just didnt see talking as something that would help me. I spent entire summer living in this peripetual state of hell. Magnesium helped control it, but it was still there. I also have insulin resistance. At one point I decided to measure my blood sugar before and after eating sugar. 45 minutes after eating this I got a really strong anxiety attack. It was something that I didnt expect. Over the next week I realized that I would get these anxiety attacks almost 45 minutes after eating something high in carbs/high GI. I researched reactive hypoglycemia and adapted my diet and since that point, I didnt have a single one. Its so weird that this is overlooked by some doctors when bodies reaction to sudden lowering of BG(because hyperinsulinemia in my case) is to produce adrenaline as it then increases BG. [info] None [info] 1514558221 [info] test
Maxiexty [info] Been learning how to cope with anxiety recently but shit got out of hand when I discovered dark secrets of my family. I need help! Just read and I hope you can give me some confort and tips of how I should control my anxiety. Hi there, I'm new in reddit and I've never made a post for myself before... so here I go:I've been diagnosed with anxiety very recently (about a year or so). During my sessions I've been uncovering some hard and shitty things about my family and I recently discovered the truth about my father's mental health for drugs abuse and alcohol. I lack of feeling towards my father's family and to my father because I met him consciously when I was 12 y/o. He was a nice guy though, but drug abuse fucked his head real bad and sometimes it was scary when he got angry or violent by no reasons. I'm now 24 y/o and I'm having therapy to control my anxiety due to my obesity and eating disorders. I feel it helped me to understand my condition and how to avoid panic attacks (I tend to have them when something goes really wrong or not as I wanted things to be). My psychiatrist told me I should use some meds to help me get more relaxed. My family and some friends disapproved them and I also got scared to depend on those pills. The medication is called Escitalopram (if anybody is taking them please I need to know the experience and if it could help me). I also got more scared about the side effects and decided not to take them.But now I feel I can't fight with my anxiety anymore. Neither the guilt.I found out around 3 days ago that my dad got in a psychiatric ward in Venezuela. He's been having violent episodes and hallucinations (he sees my face on any women around him). No one has told me what diagnostic he's got. For what I've been told it could be psychotic and depressive disorders. They have mentioned *schizophrenic* illness. Nobody from my father's side told me anything, since I've moved out from Venezuela 7 years ago I didn't have the need to keep contact with him due to my college studies. They decided to keep me out from this and I felt hurt and not loved by them. I talked with my dad's sisters (my aunts) and they explained me more about the situation. On the other side, my mother's family told me that they wanted him dead to keep his properties and money in Venezuela and that I should go there and intervene legally. My head got messed up with all the versions and even as a journalist I can't be sure who is telling the truth or if they keep hiding me stuff. I've been  away for so long and nobody wanted me to do something for him. I can't even feel love towards my father but something inside is breaking my heart constantly. I feel guilt and I didn't have the power to do something and I still don't have it due to my economic conditions.I'm trying to talk to my dad on WhatsApp every day to help him feel better and so he can take his meds without feeling helpless and lonely. But his mental state has worsened due to my aunt and grandfather visits (I wanted them to visit him to talk to him and distract him). The doctor told us that he will not receive more visits and I can't do much while I'm in another country working as a Freelance and not having much money to send him for his meds or any little gift he wants.More context: When I was born my mother's family took care of me and kept me away from my dad due to his mental health condition and his bad life choices about drug use and alcohol abuse.  My grandmother took COMPLETE care of me, she didn't allow my mother and step father to live with me away from her and she also forbid my father to meet me until I said I wanted to met him consciously. When I was a baby he left Venezuela and lived in Europe for like 10 years (he kept his drug habit and alcoholism). He got back when I was 12 and we met as I said before.I know that I can't change anything from the past and that my family did everything for my wellbeing and mental health. If it wasn't for those decisions I could never be who I am now. I'm a professional and I live outside from Venezuela and the nightmare some family members are living there. But now I'm suffering a lot with every little thing I learn from my past and my father's past and I don't know what to do with all this feelings inside. I burst out of tears and I hear voices telling me bad things and fighting with me.I feel my anxiety is getting worse as I constantly bite out my nails and fingers and harm my face a lot, even having bad thoughts and feeling lonely. I have no self control and sometimes I don't eat (and when I do I eat a lot). I've been crying a lot at night and I have insomnia sometimes. What should I do? How can I explain this to my therapist and family without feeling helpless? I feel I'm alone and no one will understand what I'm going through in my head. I haven't received a hug or soft and caressing words from my mother and stepdad without telling them I feel bad. My friends can't do anything and they are uncertain of what should I do now (most of them are in Venezuela).I want to end it all. End this pain and the pain of others. I can't feel but helpless and a burden to everyone I love. Sometimes I wish I never knew what was happening with my dad and keep myself away from all. But I wanted to heal and be a better person. I needed to know the truth and fill those holes inside.Now I'm fighting with my thoughts and feelings. Feelings towards my dad and my father's family I have never felt before, feelings of confusion and hatred. Feelings I can't even explain because no one told me how to call them or control them.The anxiety is taking over me and I'm losing the grip. I really need help... [info] None [info] 1579462487 [info] test
Dango223 [info] Ty for writing this, it is very helpful but you got me so confused tho. I was learning about asexuality lately because I think I am somwhere on the spectrum. The think is I hate touch but I love hugs from people I trust. Yes, I am diagnosed with anxiety and I have trust issues. I have no need for any physical contact with others, more I need trust. Because of this I thought of me as a demisexual... I feel like I need to first be romantically attracted enough to somebody to be able to feel sexual attraction..So I would love to have second opinion on this. Do you think my case could be demisexuality or I am wrong? Or I have to first experience some serious relationship to know? [info] None [info] 1560029090 [info] test
sinamonbun712 [info] Feel Separate From The World Around Me **trigger warning**So I [22 f] have been experiencing this frequently, and it makes me feel alone. I want to know if anyone else feels like this too? I was diagnosed with anxiety at age 15, and known I’ve been anxious my entire life. But over the last few years I have started to develop such a weird experience that I don’t know if it’s attributed to anxiety or not. There will be times, and I notice it gets worse as the day progresses, where I feel like I’m not alive. Like I am almost looking at my life from someone else’s perspective. I feel like I’m in a trance. Like I’m somehow living in a dream. I will think about this and let it consume me. Then it makes me think that I am dying, that I will die when I go to sleep, or that I am not alive at all. But then all is well when I wake up in the morning (after combatting with my anxious thoughts before falling asleep from exhaustion). Am I the only one that feels this way? It’s such a hard thing to describe, and I don’t know if I am even describing it that well. But I’m experiencing it now and no one in my life has anxiety or will understand at all what I’m going through. If you experience this, what helps you overcome these feelings? I feel scared and tired and alone. [info] None [info] 1516936192 [info] test
Miraade288 [info] My life is changing alot and it's making my anxiety flare. I was diagnosed with anxiety in 2018, but I've dealt with it probably since before I was a teenager, (I'm 17 now) and it's only gotten worse since then. A good way I found to deal with it is to have a routine. If I know what to roughly expect from my day, I worry about it just a little bit less. When that routine is changed, I just get anxious. My mind feels like it becomes crowded, and everything in my body feels off.I'm going to turn 18 in a few months and the pressure of graduating high school soon, having to find a job after, and the whole adult thing is just kind of alot for me.But the big stressor on top of that; my dad has been pressuring me to take a trade school, (something I desperately don't want to do) and how he doesn't support me going to college to become a novelist, which is my biggest dream. And knowing he thinks I'm going to fail at that also causes me worry, cause maybe he is right.I cut this down alot cause if I went though everything making me anxious we'd be here forever.And I know I probably sound kinda ridiculous for worrying so much about all of this, and I'm not very good at explaining myself, but I hope some of this makes sense. I kind of just needed to rant about it a little cause I haven't slept well in weeks.Anyway I hope all of you have a great day/night. And if you're going through a similar issue right now, or having bad anxiety at all, I'm thinking of you and wish you the best! ^.^ [info] None [info] 1579852515 [info] test
OhNoFlyingRhino [info] Would you have other resources? My problem is embarrassment. My mind remembers all the embarrassments and I blurt our an expletive. I hate this but I can’t seem to control it. I have been diagnosed with anxiety.  [info] None [info] 1546205859 [info] test
Cetrinite [info] Anxiety vs Asthma I have been diagnosed with anxiety disorder recently and have had asthma since I was born.  I am having difficulty distinguishing between the two. Is it safe to use my inhaler even if I don't actually need to? How can I tell the two apart? [info] None [info] 1441891679 [info] test
frieswithketchup [info] I have been diagnosed with anxiety disorder by a psychiatrist.I tried telling my mom about it, and now she thinks that I was molested or something equally bad happened to me. But it didn't.I went on a date recently with a really great guy. And when he tried to hold my hand or lay his arm around my shoulders I was in total panic mode. Interestingly, I don't have a problem with crowds, when I know any touching is unintentional. [info] None [info] 1438605870 [info] test
Loveoutloud22 [info] How do I stop crying? If I think I’ve done something to offend, inconvenience, or hurt someone, I sob. I can not handle even the smallest conflict without breaking down into tears. If my boyfriend sounds annoyed with me I start bawling. I have made such huge progress in my self esteem the past few years but I can’t seem to break this weird emotional response. * Update to address some reoccurring comments/questions: I’m 27 years old, I am diagnosed with anxiety and taking medication for it, and I have had trauma in my past. Thank you for the amazing comments so far! This is an amazing community ❤️ [info] None [info] 1549936805 [info] test
virginiajeannemarie [info] Issues with skin picking? (Kinda gross sorry but I really need help) I've been diagnosed with anxiety for a while and I get panic attacks that I'm used to. I've just started to realize how bad my skin picking is. It never occurred to me it was a symptom of anxiety till my boyfriend pointed it out. Luckily I am blessed with very good skin so acne isn't a big problem because I rarely get zits. My biggest issues are with biting the skin on my lips, scratching at the skin in my nose, biting my cuticles and the worst (right now ) is my big toenails. I always rip off my toenails and it always fucks up just my two big toes, they turn into ingrown toenails because I ripped off too much. Then I try to fix it by cutting the nail so it will grow straight. Then I end up cutting too much and fucking it up even worse. Then for some insane reason I try to use tweezers to fix it and of course it only makes it worse. Now I'm left with a throbbing big toe that I know is gonna get gross and infected because I can't stop fucking with it. I know I shouldn't touch it or mess with it but it feels impossible. I live alone in a dorm room so I don't have anyone to help stop me when I'm doing it and don't notice. I don't know what to do. It happens too often and it hurts to walk. If someone could please help that would be awesome [info] None [info] 1430977626 [info] test
michbelles [info] Haha yeah I was diagnosed with anxiety and I was mildly offended by this 20 secs statement [info] None [info] 1513546969 [info] test
wonderfulakari [info] Help me with my letter? My mother has let me down a lot recently she's very prideful.  So for some history we are a religious LDS family and when I was a child she somehow managed to antagonise every member of our church.  She would refuse to ever cross paths with my best friend's mother who was very kind and brought us groceries when my father was unemployed because they had a disagreement on the children's choir musical arrangements.  One time she wrote hate-mail and yelled at my sister for refusing to deliver it.  Any fight or disagreement that was had was never resolved as she is not one to apologize and eventually she hated everyone so much she stopped going to church and this is a woman who cares about church.  We ended up moving afterwards and she quickly picked a fight with one of our neighbors who has the crime of having the exact same personality so that was fun.  In general she gets along in the new neighborhood but she still has episodes like she left the choir she adored because they dropped a song number she was passionate about.  Anyway more to the point my mother has always been a bit cold... I mean she loves me and a do have good memories and lessons learned from her, but she can be really uncaring.  My sister (Who we later found out had a mental illness) was a huge bully to me but my mother always swept it under the rug and if I complained I just got punished.  In the end I ended up decking my sister in the face and told my mom that she had never helped me deal with her and I that is like the only time she apologized to me.In college I had no car and one day I began having serious chest pains so my mother said she'd drive me to the doctor.  I was super scared because around that time I started having all these random jolts of pain.  We went out to the doctor and grabbed some fast food and I kid you not not a single conversation wasn't about her.  We go to McDonald's and she rants about how the only thing she could eat there was fries (she picked the place too) and when I was diagnosed with anxiety she only wanted to talk about her own mental health problems and stress.  She didn't try to comfort me at all.Any ways here are the recent things that broke the camels back and me emotionally.  It starts with my birthday dinner, I love foreign food especially stuff with rice like sushi.  So I decided to go with this local indian place as practically everything there is gluten free (My mom can't eat gluten) and while some things are really exotic other's tasted like things I knew she'd like.  They had food so many things I wanted to show her like this onion bloom thing that was friend but also gluten free and I put a lot of thought into it.  When I told my mom about this she said she wasn't really interested in Indian food and I said that I knew for a fact there would be stuff here she would like and that the dish she had before did not accurately represent the variety.  She seemed to agree but then sent me a text saying that she would love to have dinner but It had to be close to her with food she liked and when just asking what kind of food she had had before she just flat-out said she wouldn't come.   I was super annoyed so I called my dad to ask what he was doing in the evening to make sure my mother couldn't say she had plans and when confirming that they had nothing in the way I told him how much it meant for me to come and how my sisters were going even farther out of there way to make it to my dinner and that I would like for mom to come.  I started crying really bad too.  Because I couldn't talk clearly I sent my dad a text explaining how I felt and how pissed my mom was making me.  As I found out from a third party my mother ended up reading that text over his shoulder.  On my birthday my niece got pink eye so my first sister had to stay home and then my second sister got sick.  I got two excuses of why mom couldn't come.  I generic "She's not feeling well" passed by a sister and a "Blah blah blah allergies" from my Dad who was trying his best not to make me feel unloved by my mother.  I know finding out that I was talking smack behind her back hurt her feeling but considering how she DEFINITELY knew how strongly I felt about this she still should have come.  Anyways pretty depressing way to start my birthday.So the thing that broke me today was that about a month ago I asked my mother if I could use the apartment below her house for my birthday party in January (My B-day is in December but we were super busy that week so I postponed it) at first she said no since last time I had an event I didn't clean up well but after explaining how I ended up being super sick that day she decided to let me use it.  Yesterday, knowing how bad my Mom's memory can be and how she hates last minute stress I called her to remind her that I would be using the house in a week and a half, she flat out says I can't and tells me just to use my apartment.  My small tiny apartment that I already hate so much.  I tried to argue back but got nowhere.  My Dad then called me to try to further convince me that having it at my apartment was ideal (Probably asked my my mother to do so) and also tried to make me feel better by promised to take me out to lunch.  Guess which one of these guys I love more?  Anyway I was ticked but after the birthday dinner thing I was accepting of it and didn't care much.  However my kitchen is super tiny and the entire 2 feet of counter space is where we keep the drying rack.  I also don't have a garbage disposal to cleaning up after cooking was a huge pain.  I'm trying to conserve funds right now I need to cook my own food for this party.  However once again cooking is a bitch in my kitchen and I have food stains on my washer because I have no counter-space.  So I asked my mom if I could prepare food in her enormous customized kitchen in exchange for leaving her some food and of course cleaning the whole thing afterwards.  I woke up to a "NO use your table" and IDK I lost it.It's not that I'm really sensitive that even small things hurt my feelings it's that my mom can't even step out of her comfort zone or be slightly inconvenienced FOR the little things.  Anyways I'm sick and tired of this so after my party I was going to give her a this letter if I still felt the same and I need help making it less harsh.  I want to give her the silent treatment for awhile but I don't want to permanently cut her off.I need some space from you for a bit.  I know you love me, but frankly that is not enough for a healthy relationship.  I know you think I’m being over sensitive, but it’s not that I’m getting upset over little things - it’s that you can’t even do little things.  You can’t go just a little out of your comfort zone to go to dinner you might not like, or help your daughter when she is overwhelmed with trying to find a space to fit her friends.  I understand that my feelings hurt you when you read my complaining texts over Dad’s shoulder.  I know you felt depressed and upset that day, but what hurts more is you KNEW how upset I was, but you still didn’t apologize or change your mind about attending my birthday dinner.  If you’d be willing to see me more than a sinful daughter who is losing her way, you would see that I’m trying to become a better person and forgive you.  But thinking back on all the good times we’ve had is not enough anymore. You care too much about your pride.  Even when I asked you to take me to the doctor out of the fear that I was having a heart attack, every single conversation we had that day was about YOU. Not about comforting me, but about all the health problems you had and all the struggles YOU went through.  You antagonise so many people and yet it hasn’t clicked that YOU are the driving force of conflict in your own life.  Please consider seeing a therapist, or at the very least apologize.  You’ve broken my heart and I can’t do this anymore.Sorry I was going to proofread this because half my keys are slightly broken on this keyboard but I'm super upset and can't even re-read this without crying again. [info] None [info] 1483653515 [info] test
rayfraz5585 [info] Hey, no worries. I live by the beach. Every other little gift shop sells kratom, so it’s all around me.  I’d pay $45 for 100 capsules. 40 a day and you’re looking at almost $200 a week. I didn’t make much at my job and if I’d wake up without Kratom, I’d call in sick.  I did that too many times and lost my job.  When I didn’t have the money to buy more, I’d pawn things. That’s what I meant by losing things. As you can see by reading this forum, kratom is highly addictive. Not like weed. People don’t taper off weed. I’m glad it’s going easy for you, but everyone is different. I was diagnosed with anxiety which I why I started taking kratom. When I didn’t have it, I’d get the worst anxiety attacks. Anyway, with the help of the kind people of this forum and AA. I’ll be 30 days clean on Friday. I’m proud of that. Take it easy and I wish you well. Ray [info] None [info] 1545224176 [info] test
purple10115 [info] Anyone Else Suffering from Pregnancy Anxiety? I was just diagnosed with anxiety yesterday. I have an appointment with a therapist for the first time in a month. I have been dealing with TERRIBLE and completely irrational pregnancy anxiety. I have gotten my period and taken tests and I don’t trust anything. I am even on hormonal birth control and take it religiously. I just obsess over my stomach and worry that it is different. Is anyone else struggling with this? I’m really upset because I’m going on vacation and I don’t want to be scared about being pregnant even though I got my period. I try to stop touching my stomach and let go, but in my brain I can’t risk missing anything that could indicate pregnancy. I am having really destructive thoughts because I’m only 19 and a pregnancy would potentially ruin my life right now, I am so scared.Have you ever dealt with anything like this? How did you get through it? Sending good vibes to anyone who is struggling because I know I sure am. [info] None [info] 1531956533 [info] test
muddypaws1 [info] I'm scared to start my meds. My anxiety has gotten way out of control. Every month I end up at urgent care or the ER because I feel like I'm dying. I feel like my chest is caving in, my throat is being squeezed shut, pressure building in my neck and head and I can't think straight. If it's not a heart attack, it must be an asthma attack, heart failure, collapsed lung, blood clot, SOMETHING is causing me to suffocate. I was diagnosed with asthma last year, but the inhalers and meds they gave me made it even harder to breathe. I gave it about 6 months before I quit all meds and begged my doctor to check my heart. Instead, he gave me a prescription for lexapro. It's been sitting in my medicine cabinet for 4 months. I know I have anxiety. I was diagnosed with anxiety 10 years ago. I was diagnosed with GAD and OCD almost 2 years ago. I live in a constant state of anxiety, sometimes intrusive thoughts. I've tried therapy. I know I need to do something to help my anxiety, but I'm so scared. I don't want to be on meds for years or life. I don't want to change my habits. Can I still drink wine on lexapro? I gave up smoking months ago, but now I drink coffee and herbal tea. Can I drink those while on lexapro? Will it interact with other meds? My birth control? My doctor prescribed an antacid with the lexapro and the pharmacist told me I can't take them together. My doctor didn't tell me anything about how to safely take the lexapro, how it will help me, what to expect. What if it's the wrong prescription? What if it makes me feel even worse, like the inhalers did? Will it change me? Will I be a zombie? I have kids to care for. I was up literally all night last night because I couldn't breathe. I'd try to sleep, but eventually I would sit up gasping for air because the pressure in my neck was too much. I cried. I told my husband today's the day I start taking the lexapro. I just need to know that I'll be ok. [info] None [info] 1557864069 [info] test
muoniar [info] Yeah, I've lived with multiple illnesses such as eczema, asthma and whatnot. Whenever it'd get worse, my mom would read Ruqya on water and make me either drink it or bathe in it. It was absolutely tiring. Sometimes, she'd even assume that my faith wasn't strong enough and God was doing this to me to bring me back to him. When I was diagnosed with anxiety, she'd say it was the shaytaan giving me negative thoughts and I had to pray more. She'd literally even ask a Sheikh to read some next shit on me, assuming that it had a better chance of treating me than medicine does.. true ridiculousness  [info] New User [info] 1527405581 [info] test
TrashItAndGo [info] I've been diagnosed with anxiety repeatedly from the fourth grade onward. Growing up, I was put into an extra-help/resource class so that I could focus on schoolwork and not be stressed out. I didn't know this, of course, because my parents didn't want me using my emotional disorder as a crutch later in life. SO being a student in a class for learning disabilities while simultaneously not knowing what disability I had really hurt my confidence. Mind you, I never assumed my classmates in the class lacked intelligence. Their disabilities were usually minor and only affected them in very specific ways (EX: dyslexia or a speech impediment). Now, I'm a very socially and emotionally damaged adult. I struggle talking to people because I assume that they'll think I'm stupid. I even started school at a prestigious university just to convince myself that I am, at the very least, bare-bones average in terms of my intelligence. It never helped. [info] None [info] 1551067127 [info] test
lechoro [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety in my teens. I've gone off medication a couple times (with doctor's supervision) and been miserable each time. I had to go off the medication I was on once I became pregnant. I was not happy, I was panicking all the time and just had that awful gnawing feeling of anxiety in my stomach all the time. I'm now on a low dose of Zoloft and while things aren't perfect, I can at least function. I'm in a better place mentally and physically, which to me is worth it. I want to be as emotionally healthy as possible for the baby. So from personal experience medication hasn't been a cure but it's helped immensely.  [info] Team Blue! 3/11/17 [info] 1477446373 [info] test
dubaichild [info] Just a post that can hopefully provide a little hope for anybody going through a difficult time right now. So... I was diagnosed with anxiety 2 years ago, and I'm pretty sure I suffered from it all throughout high school, and it only hit unmanageable levels when I went to college.Anyways - I have had this mountain of an essay (3000-3500 words, which isn't that big but it sure seemed it) looming over my head for the last three weeks, when it was first due, when it was extended to for me in lieu of my grandmother dying, and then until today, when I actually finished it.So, I may have had to get some help from my parents and go home for a few nights, and I may be massively late with this assignment, but you know what? I finished it, and I'm proud of myself.My anxiety tends to manifest itself into severe procrastination where I don't work because it's all too much and then I can't work because I'm so behind because I didn't do it when I should have and now it's due too soon for me to finish it and do a good job. It can actually be surprisingly debilitating, especially as a university student.Feel free to post any of your recent achievements in spite of anxiety - I'm trying to stay positive and seeing other people achieving stuff might make feel a bit better, even if it's just getting out of your house and talking to somebody for 5 minutes - that's an achievement some days.You are more than your anxiety, and it can get better. [info] None [info] 1430229207 [info] test
reddit_login123456 [info] I have some, but little, doubt in the short term and with appropriate dosages it helps. I'm from Colorado I have more experience with pot culture than you can imagine. I've had more friends than I can count negatively effected by long term use in their formative years, many who self medicated.I've read more peer reviewed papers than you. I've been diagnosed with anxiety by both PhD and MDs. I literally never said it doesn't work for some people. Don't put words in my mouth. I don't need advice from un-educated, inexperienced crusaders on the internet.  [info] None [info] 1468273622 [info] test
painfanatic [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety before discovering and being diagnosed with ADHD. The major difference between people with anxiety disorders (especially OCD) and people with just regular anxiety (all people who are not psyocopaths experience some anxiety!) is long-term irrational fears. Like being incredibly afraid the door is unlocked, even though you have already checked it is locked three times. If you have the Netflix there is a show called Obsessed that will give you tons of insight into people with chronic anxiety disorders and OCD. This will help you know if you have it or not (very possible to have ADHD and an anxiety disorder).That being said, people with ADHD are prone to having more anxiety than others. This is because our ADHD causes us to make many mistakes or failures in life. We are constantly worrying about the consequences or repeating the mistakes. We are also worse in social situations which can lead us to be anxious as parties, in group settings, etc (making such symptoms worse). However, I have found focusing on my ADHD and coping with life from an ADHD perspective a million times more effective than trying to treat an anxiety disorder was. Now I don't think I had an anxiety disorder at all ( though I used to often have panic attacks, nightmares, insomnia, etc). This is because my anxiety was/is justified (not irrational). My anxiety symptoms of have improved drastically since I started medicating and learning how to cope with ADHD, even though I really haven't done anything to treat anxiety since I was diagnosed with ADHD.If you feel like your talking therapist is not really listening and understanding your point of view , dump them and try someone else. It's one thing to disagree, it's another to not listen. That's pretty much 80% of their job! [info] None [info] 1429314388 [info] test
hemmmlock [info] You know, I never made the connection between my dizziness and anxiety before. I went to a nurse practitioner for dizziness a couple of years before I was diagnosed with anxiety but nothing came of it. This makes much more sense now .... [info] None [info] 1380077915 [info] test
sfair039 [info] "Turrets-like" muscle spasms during anxiety attacks First time posting here, so I supposed a quick break down of my issues would make sense.I was diagnosed with anxiety in first year university. I am the only member of my family who had, at that point, attended a post secondary education. So that put way more pressure on me than I feel like some other first year uni students may have been dealt. (I am not saying that my life or condition was overall worse than everyone else's, I am simply trying to paint a quick picture of my situation for you all).I knew something was wrong with me when waking up even 5 minutes later than I planned before a class would send me in a complete melt down. I am talking hyperventilating, spazzing, and getting sick, even before fully waking up. Another big sign that made my family take me for a doctor's appointment was how I started developing social anxieties which made me become a hermit. Considering this was first year uni, the time most people are at their busiest socially / most adventurous, I actually missed out on a lot of 'staples' of being a freshman. It really became noticeable when I would panic at the sheer thought of walking past the front door.I had been put on Zolof, I can't remember the dosage, but had to stop taking it after 4 months or so. The reason for that was because though I did find that it helped with the 'lows' (the frequency and severity of my panic attacks; which I sometimes refer to as 'episodes'), it made me unable to feel any 'highs' as well, putting me a mental state that I referred to as "robotic me".My doctor then put me on Cipralex, which I really liked and was on for about a year, until suddenly my ability to keep a regular pill taking routine became impossible. I started getting anxious about taking the pill, because it was rarely on time and I was worried more for the sickening side effects rather than the curing properties of my meds. I think it is also poignant to know that I have a very weak immune system, and since starting first year of uni (I am now in my fifth, and last, year of school), I have had two dozen or so instances when something as simple as a regular flu bug has knocked me over for weeks at a time, developing weird symptoms such as skin discoloration (my whole body turned into off purple, leopard-print like spots, which the doctors had zero explication for). During the times where I would be sick, I would be violently ill, lose massive amounts of weight at a time, and having to stop attending school (which if you can remember, was the first thing that started my anxiety attacks). So currently, I am off my meds, which I know will be bashed by a few of you, but I felt that if I could try and find non-medical alternatives to my anxiety, I would lead a happier/healthier life. And since having met and moving in with my boyfriend, I have found that I have made some good steps in living with anxiety without being dependent on medications. What I am hoping reddit can help me with today is in regards to my body's horrible affliction with muscles spasms during anxiety attacks. Today I have been really sick (stomach bug) which made me have to cancel a shift at work, adding to the stress of trying to get better. During my peaks of episodes, my body starts developing twitches and spasms that for anyone who didn't know me, would assume I had turrets. If my legs are pinned or unable to swing around, I become more anxious and actually have to fight for breath, making horrible grunting noises that again, parallel what sounds I have heard come out of turret's patients. None of these twitches affect any other part of my body besides my legs and breathing. I was hoping that some of you out there have experienced similar tendencies, and could offer some support for a fellow Redditor. I apologize for any spelling or grammar mistakes, as I am writing this in a bit of a hurry. Looking forward to hearing any/all responses. SF [info] None [info] 1373937547 [info] test
alt_7665533 [info] I don't know. I've been diagnosed with anxiety as of about two and a half years agofrom about a year and a half ago ive been having horrible days for certain periods of time ranging from three days to three weeks, or even monthsi thought it was just normal, but ive stumbled across this sub and a couple others and i have related way too much.ive taken tests, and ive read symptoms, its all lined up and my issue is i don't know who to talk withand im just afraid someone's gonna just play it off like im faking and idk where to go theni just don't know [info] None [info] 1554944215 [info] test
qieran29 [info] I have been diagnosed with anxiety.since 2015..or rather health anxiety...jus 3days ago i had a Severe full blown Panic Attack..wout what so ever reason...thus perhaps my body was constantly stressing dat i have chest pain..pass few weeks...however during dat full blown panic attack occured 3days ago...i was calm..n yet it still happened...my left rib was painin as hell...dat v moment i thought it was a heart attack...went 2 ER..i tol them.pain is bad..thy injected me som morphin 2 ease me down...took my blood samples...ECG twice all were fine ezcept i had som bronkitis...which may have worsen the pain..I knw its hard 2 divert ur attention when ur body feels numb aching or painin...i do watch TREY JONEs on u tube...his videos are good perhps u try chck it out Take care  [info] None [info] 1552762652 [info] test
TheLadyOfLiteracy [info] I have the same fear of throwing up in public, it's a serious phobia and I often feel paralyzed by it.  But is it actual nausea, or is it just anxiety?  I remember having to sit in class before I was diagnosed with anxiety, and when I got waves of nausea and dizzyness I thought I was physically ill with a virus or something, I didn't realize anxiety could manifest itself so strongly in physical ways. [info] None [info] 1397702968 [info] test
turtieari [info] Afraid of medication dependence. Vyvanse makes me extremely fatigued the morning after. Backstory:Okay. I'm gonna try to make this as short as possible. I was diagnosed with anxiety and ADHD since I was 12. Parents refused medication and I learned to deal with it. Graduated high school. I taught myself ways to deal with my conditions and my parents never made any excuses for me and I didn't either. Started college majoring Human Bio 6hrs away. First two years I was great with getting to class and being on top if studying what not. Unfortunate events occured and my grades and overall behavior went unaffected. Then third year panic attacks, anxiety levels at peak always, unable to focus didn't make to class, first C in Biochem lab, Fall quarter. Got on adderall then I noticed changes but anxiety still peaked. Dr. Offered Anti anxiety meds I refused then next quarter failed Genetics, got on effexor. Next quarter failed genetics again because I was adjusting to the meds, had to go to the hospital due to a panic attack (I've gone to the hospital for the same reason before). Problem: Now I was changed from Adderall 30 mg a day to Vyvanse 70mg and stayed with Effexor 150mg. I have never had issues getting up, it was always easy with the built up energy I had in me. Now in the mornings I can't get out of bed for the life of me. AT ALL. I missed all week to class trying to find different ways to get out of bed. Temp. Solution:I finally found a solution but I don't like it. I set my alarm 2 hours before I need to get up and drink my vyvanse then set another alarm to wake me up at the time I want to. I can wake up,  Like magic or something. I don't like the feeling of dependence, feel as though I've lost my identity as a human and have taken on an artificial meds dependant freak. I'll see my doc this Friday and need to think of ways to cope until then other than my current method. Question:Did anyone of you guys feel like this? How did you cope? What are my options? What should I do? TL;DR:Changed from Adderall 30 to Vyvanse 70mg. Been on it for two weeks and last week couldn't get up for class which has never happened to me. Help? Ways to cope? [info] None [info] 1375662872 [info] test
chmagriff [info] How do I learn to let myself be loved? I've been diagnosed with anxiety and PTSD following traumatic incidents from my childhood. I'm doing so much better than I was, but some days, I fall apart and can't stop crying. I hate myself for being weak, and I apologize so much to my loved ones. My boyfriend just holds me through it, and wipes my tears away. I love him tremendously, and he would do anything for me, but I still find myself asking why he chooses to be with me when I feel like a failure. [info] None [info] 1540672865 [info] test
CrazyToastedUnicorn [info] As someone who has anxiety and family members with and without it we've discussed it a lot. It's tough for people without anxious thoughts to properly grasp what it's like, their brain just doesn't think like that. You may be able to explain things to them that could help them understand what you're going through. For example my dad is prone to anxiety but my mom is not so she wasn't really of a certain mindset about it either way until I was diagnosed with anxiety and ptsd. Now she knows that yes I may be having irrational thoughts and I probably know that truly they're just that but in that moment my brain is convincing me that yes that bridge will collapse the moment our car starts across because fear is all too powerful especially to an anxiety prone mind. She knows that I will not be talked out of those thoughts and that I don't need to be told that I should just think of something else. I went to a therapist and it helped but it's still something I continuously deal with but my parents are there if I ever need them. Parents most often times are our biggest supporters and they like to know that sometimes we still need them, if you let them feel like they can help you in dealing with what you're going through even if it's just a shoulder to cry on or a hug or to talk to them to take your mind off things it could help them grasp a fraction of what you're dealing with. This is long, I'm sorry. Just know that you're not alone in your anxiety, there are tons of us around who get it. If you feel that you want to ever just talk without any judgement I'm willing to listen and that goes for anyone. I know what it's like to struggle and feel like the people around you couldn't possibly know what your dealing with. It can get easier.  [info] None [info] 1497521984 [info] test
