prehshush [info] I'm not sure if this is technically correct but I had a lot of people telling me when I was diagnosed with depression that it would "never truly go away" or that I would always have to be extra careful of my mood from that point forward. This annoyed the shit out of me at the time because that's such a pessimistic thing to tell to a depressed person. And it really bothers me now because I haven't felt depressed in years and feel like anyone could experience depression circumstantially and then never have a problem with it again. [info] None [info] 1483721133 [info] test
princessthrowaway234 [info] I finally made a decision for myself and I think I ruined my life My whole life I’ve always done things for others or to look good. I thrive on looking good to others and on being the best. I was never the *best* at anything, but I was always doing pretty well. My parents never pressured me. All they wanted was for me to go to college &amp; find a career, any kind, and be happy. I was diagnosed with depression in the fourth grade and stayed medicated and under therapy until 12th grade. I was a calm, depressed person. Never thinking I was going to make it much longer and having no interests never let me think ahead.First person in my family to graduate HS &amp; attend college. I picked a home school because my mom guilted me that without the child support from my dad, that her and my brother were going to struggle in our foreclosed home. Decision for others. I picked teaching as a major because I felt like it was a safe, stable job. I could help my parents with money someday. Really no interest or excitement. Decision for others.Graduation is around the corner; cert exams incoming. Haven’t felt deep depression in years but every time I walk into a classroom my heart is dark. I start not caring about my schoolwork being the greatest, but still good to get by. I’m miserable. I don’t want to be miserable forever. Finally make a decision for myself- I’m not going to teach. I’m going to do something else. Didn’t even finish my certs because I didn’t want to waste the money.It was so hard for me to admit to my parents, SO, and friends I wasn’t happy like I pretended, how much I hated teaching. But they all said they understood. I felt good for a bit, but guilty for being selfish. I did feel happy to finally make a decision for myself. Tried to get in an industry I like, and I can’t seem to get a leg up. Some interviews, no offers. It’s been two years since I graduated. I feel every day pass and it’s agony- I feel like it will never happen. I almost know it. I will never find happiness and I’m scared I will never find a real job. A job I’m proud of and at least a little happy in. Two years are gone and I’m only getting older. I want to cry all the time. I feel so dark. I feel like I wasn’t supposed to be here and that’s why nothing is working out. I keep putting the rest of my life on hold until I get a job I’m not ashamed of. The one time I made a decision for myself, it’s messed up my life so much. I can’t undo it. It’s my fault. I feel so horrible. Nothing good is ever going to come. [info] None [info] 1517093246 [info] test
chickita [info] Thank you. I have been diagnosed with depression 2 years ago. I had my therapy for 4 months and it made some difference. We were with my therapist "getting" ready for the doom but also trying to solve my past problems. There is just a lot going on not related to the death of my grandpa but every time I get stressed, it always goes back to though of him passing away. I started loosing my hair and have a lot of health/stress related issues. Being close to 30 years old, moving forward is pain in the ass after everything that happened. Sorry for your loss as well and keeping you in my thoughts.  [info] None [info] 1540488002 [info] test
DirtSub [info] &gt;I have no fucking idea what I'm gonna do then lol. Because it doesnt matter how many positive changes I make in my life, or how much I know that things have improved, I still feel like I'm fucking garbage :/ I just wanna stop wishing I was someone else, and I dont know how. Its like nothing I do matters, my life is objectively 10x as good as it was a year ago, but I'm just as miserable, if not more.This does sound like it could be depression.&gt;Hahaha I live in the US, in a state that didnt expand Medicaid. Which means that my last therapist appointment was a couple weeks before I turned 18. (Maybe 19?) Yes, I was diagnosed with depression in high school. But like I said, since I'm not rich, it doesnt really matter, I just get to figure it out myself because I dont have God knows how much money to spend on either therapy out of pocket, or insurance that would cover it. And it's so hard to talk about this, because people always think I'm "woe is me"ing for pity, but I'm not. I just want to feel better, like I'm a person who's worthy of love and not a fucking weirdo freak. I need help, and I cant seem to find it, and it's getting harder to stay convinced that it's even worth it to keep trying. I would do anything to just be happy by myself, and to figure out what I need to do be deserving of a girl's attention. In that order. It breaks my heart every day that I have no outlet for the love that I know I'm capable of showing, and hope that I'm worthy of receiving, but it's clear to me that's gonna be a looooooong fucking time from now, so I just want to learn to be happy without it, so I'm not entering a relationship for the wrong reasons.Have you ever considered focusing on your depression, venting about your depression and trying to cope with your depression instead of focusing on the things that you can't have yet because of your depression, such as girls?Let me put it this way, if your leg was broken, would you write a thread called "I hate not being able to date" and not even mention that it's because of your broken foot, or would you write a thread called "I hate having a broken foot - especially because it means I can't date yet".Do you understand what I'm saying?&gt;Sorry for the wall of textDon't apologize. We're here because we care. No amount of text is too much text. [info] None [info] 1542908737 [info] test
sn00p3r [info] Every man likes to get BJs.PS. I don't understand why am I being downvoted? I was diagnosed with depression and I shared what helped me. It seems people here don't appreciate honesty... [info] None [info] 1369808919 [info] test
NuclearAnarchy [info] Just when I thought things were getting better. Hi all,This is my first post here, so I may as well give you a little information abojt myself. I was diagnosed with depression and add two years ago after my parents began to notice a change in my mood. I was never sleeping or eating (the very fact that my body didn't waste away is remarkable), my performance has shown a steady decrease, etc. Well. My reason for posting this tonight is I'm not OK. I'm 18, about to graduate and head to college. This is (by societies standards) meant to be the happiest time of my life, and I have seen considerable improvement in myself. My grades are up, I'm taking care of myself, I even managed to maintain a relationship for a couple of months! But now, in my "prime-time", all of my progress seems to have gone down the drain. I'm not motivated at all to do jack shit in school, my appetite has completely disappeared, I'm noticeablyore stressed than usual, I can sleep (it's midnight on a school night as I post this), and every time I think of the girl I fancy (who I've been head over heels for the past 3 years) all I can think of the pain that could ever come from us two ever having any semblance of a relationship. The only way to describe how I feel right now is just complete and total shit. I am a decaying heap of human waste. My insignificance is clearer to me than ever before. Does anybody else ever have these severe relapses? TL:DR I'm having a major relapse back into a severe depressive state, has anyone else experienced something similar? [info] None [info] 1368076282 [info] test
Igorcryr [info] I am diagnosed with depression but I've been through a lot of depressive reading and thinking already. I think I can do another visit to the valley of shadow of death [info] None [info] 1503687284 [info] test
shmeeshmooshmaa [info] Wait do u actually have depression or were u just saying that to find a way out of trouble. Cause don't do that. I was diagnosed with depression at 11 years old. I ran away from home twice for about 1/2 an hour and I know someone who's sister commuted suicide due to depression. Pls don't use this as an excuse if u don't have depression.Edit: Once I also held a knife to my chest and often thought of killing myself cause I was constantly bullied for the past 2 years. It's been 3 years and nothing has changed from the way the kid treats me. I've punched him in the face 2 times and punched him in the stomach once. My mum has spoken to his mum and still. No change. I do not have depression anymore but it still upsets me that this kid would give no fucks about how he affected me until he realised that I killed myself cause of him. Well at least he didn't have to find out the hard way how much he had hirt me. [info] None [info] 1459250549 [info] test
cupcakegrenades [info] Need advice on the next step to take. Hi all, I'm new here but I need some advice. I'm 23, finishing up my master's degree. I was diagnosed with depression in July of 2013, but I was dealing with it for about a year before that. My problem was that I would feel overwhelmed by school and completely shut down and not go to class/leave my house. I went to a therapist at my university's health center who referred me to a general physician for medication. He prescribed a low dose of Celexa. I think I did well on the medication, but a few months later, I started dating someone. This lead to me not going to class again and eventually not taking my medication.Now, I'm at a new university and I'm mostly doing ok in terms of school and being productive. The health center at the new uni isn't great. My concern is that the illness is going to sneak up on me again and cause me to fail a bunch of classes like it did before. I cannot afford to have this happen again. I also recognize that I'm not "cured" and that I can't continue to ignore my illness. I don't know if I should see a therapist, a psychologist, a general physician, or something else. I'm a little confused on the prescribing authority of each of these. I also want to keep insurance costs down.In your opinion, what type of specialist or combination of specialists should I go to? Any advice is welcome, thank you for your help!TL;DR: Not sure if I should go to psychologist vs. psychiatrist vs. general physician vs. something else. [info] None [info] 1409875074 [info] test
sallynguyen [info] I don't suffer schizophrenia but I have been diagnosed with depression and psychosis, which I'm not sure if it's similar to schizophrenia or not, so I can only say from my part and the people I know who take medication...You should take them. Yes, it is going to change some things in you - but the purpose is to make you feel better. When you first take medication, there might be physical changes and you might not like them, but it takes a while to experiment with different types of pills and eventually you'll find what works for you. I was completely against medication and tried to work on myself for a year long - it didn't end so well. Today, with the help of medication, my psychosis symptoms are gone and I'm a lot happier. Give it a shot, because you never know :)Good luck! [info] None [info] 1449733805 [info] test
depressedhombre [info] I've been diagnosed with depression since late 2011 [info] None [info] 1370706601 [info] test
weaselcorp [info] [21M] Haven't seen my SO in 3 months, finding things tough at the moment. My partner and I have been together 10 months and haven't seen each other in 3 months. We go to the same university and study the same course, but I've just started my year in industry away from uni, and she's just going into her second year. Before we went LD, we talked about our relationship and came to the conclusion that we both wanted to stay together and make our relationship work long distance. This is only my second relationship, my ex and I were together 4.5 years and things fell apart within 3 months of us both starting university.The problem is, in the last 3 months, she's initiated contact with me twice, every other time we talk has been because I've called her. When we do talk, I feel more like her friend than her boyfriend. I'm scared that things aren't going to work between us, despite us both saying we want them to work. I dunno, I just want to know that she cares and wants things to work out.What makes things harder is that 3 months ago I was diagnosed with depression, which I've talked to my partner about. She does try to be supportive and she's told me to talk to her if I do need to talk, but she's also a very logical person and has said that she struggles to understand how I feel, because she finds it hard to understand problems that don't have a cause, because she's so used to being able to help people through things that have a cause behind them.I just want to feel like I'm not alone. [info] None [info] 1347218525 [info] test
wibblett [info] I started with an SSRI before a stimulant because I was diagnosed with depression. It wasn't until later, after seeing a therapist that she realized I might have ADHD so I started stimulant treatment.  [info] ADHD-PI [info] 1481064603 [info] test
Salemsmeowmix [info] I'm BPII but for many years I was diagnosed with depression because I rarely get hypomania, and it's pretty easily controlled. Except that whole not sleeping for multiple days thing. Anyway, I'm pretty sensitive and tend to cry a lot. Sometimes I don't even realize I'm sad until I start randomly crying. It's like my brain gave up on me feeling things and just went straight to crying. The meds help control the random crying but I'm still more sensitive than most. My SO is awesome and will often watch stuff before me or research shows to make sure there's no triggers for me. It's ok to cry sometimes, it's just not ok to cry all the time.  [info] None [info] 1501093453 [info] test
potetoshio [info] [UPD] Permanent Disqualification? Hello. I was diagnosed with depression last summer. I thought I could get through this sem... but I was wrong. Almost halfway through the semester, I ended up missing all of my classes and exams. None of my professors know about my condition. I haven't told/emailed them yet because I'm afraid of what their reaction might be. I thought of going to the OCG, but I had a bad experience there with one of the psychologists.    I still really want to finish my studies here. I was hoping you guys could share your experiences or share advice on steps that I should take to get readmitted to the University. Thank you. [info] None [info] 1544493063 [info] test
MeryCherry77 [info] I’m completely lost Hi. I needed to share this because I don’t know who to talk to (friends don’t understand, sadly).It’s Saturday and I’ve been in bed ALL day. I can’t bring myself to do anything. My house is very clean but my room looks like a mess. I didn’t shower even tho I know I need to, I can’t do anything else than lay in bed with my cellphone and it’s so sad for me... even if it doesn’t look like it, it’s sad to be like this. I don’t feel like doing anything, it would be the same if I had to be in bed just looking at the ceiling. I canceled a date with a guy because of this state of mind I’m having today.I was diagnosed with depression December 2017 so I’ve been taking fluoxetine/Prozac since that moment with ups and downs on the dosages, and my psychiatrist told me to lower the dose to half because he saw me in a really good state and I’m doing that but I feel so bad right now that I’m thinking to keep taking one like I used to.I’m also so tired of fighting with my mental body image. I’m a chubby girl and I hate myself so much because of it, but I can’t bring myself to do excercise. I am eating healthy tho but sometimes I don’t (like today) because of this feeling of nothingness I have.I haven’t been able to see a series, watch a documentary o read a book because I always have this feeling of “I’ll waist my time with that” but I’m actually wasting my time doing nothing. I need help. I need supportive people who know the struggle. People think I’m lazy. It’s not laziness. It’s just emptiness in your heart and mind... nothing makes me happy anymore. [info] None [info] 1569101255 [info] test
mellabellah27 [info] Discuss the possibility of depression or an eating disorder with her. It sounds like she is either eating to cope with her feelings of low self esteem (likely stemming from struggling with body acceptance and weight loss), which can be a very big sign of depression as she is self medicating her feelings with food (food hits the same pleasure center in your brain as sex and drugs/alcohol, shopping, gambling, etc), OR she is at the beginning stages of developing an eating disorder, likely binge eating or bulimia. I have both a history of depression and bulimia, and once I was diagnosed with depression and received treatment for it, the bulimia stopped. I still occasionally use food to deal with feelings, but nowhere near what I used to, and I’ve developed a much healthier relationship with food. Don’t be too quick to give up on your girl, especially if she’s given up on herself. She needs you. Just don’t let it get to a point where she is becoming toxic for you. Doesn’t sound like it’s there yet, but be mindful.  [info] None [info] 1529032342 [info] test
beanaby [info] This is my baby, she is 7 months old. I was diagnosed with depression this year and really struggled. My dog was the biggest help in that battle, and continues to be every day. I honestly don’t know where I’d be without her. [info] None [info] 1578253363 [info] test
TheBrotato710 [info] What do I do now? I've never really made an official post before, but I figured now is as good a time as any. I was diagnosed with depression at 16 and although I've made great strides in recovery, some bumps happen along the way and today a really big bump came along. I bombed a test. The first exam for one of my core science classes. I know a lot of people wouldn't really bat an eye at it being the first test and say now they know what the exams look like but it's difficult for me to look at it that way. I don't know how to "learn" what the tests will "be like." To me they're constantly changing and there's no surefire way to prepare. I've wanted to be a doctor and help people since I was 8 and I used to be one of the best students in my class. But now that I'm in the preliminaries I feel terrible. My GPA (3.2) sucks for med school and I got kicked out of the honors program my first year because I couldn't maintain a 3.5. My premed advisor who's supposed to motivate and support me straight up said I wasn't an "attractive candidate" and how I should reconsider my life. Most days I can ignore all the negative thoughts thanks to therapy, Prozac, and a genuine desire to be happy again but this failure really hit me. I did the calculations and even if I were to do perfectly on the remaining three exams, including the final, I'd only get a B+. My GPA can't handle any more non-A's. I just feel so shitty all the time during class and inferior to my other classmates. No matter how much I study or apply myself, it feels like all these other students who are just half-assing their way through the course always do better. It feels like no matter how much time I put into it some of my classmates can do everything without have to do anything. I try to learn the information but it becomes hard to follow and no matter how much I study, I just never seem to know the material well enough to answer a question 100% correctly. I try asking questions and talking to the professor but I can never pinpoint what exactly I don't know and even then she doesn't give a concrete explanation. It's just so frustrating because as much as I want to do well, I've lost motivation to do much of anything for the classes I take since I just can't seem to win. My family loves and supports me which is great but they're so convinced that I'm going to become this amazing doctor and that I'm so smart when really I'm just barely getting by. I don't want to let them down and I want to be able to support a family of my own one day. Sure, there are plenty of careers that can do that but how can I do any of them when I'm only good at this?? Even then, I'm not very good at it in the first place. Please, is there anyone who can give me any kind of advice? I would really really appreciate it.&amp;#x200B;TL;DR - I feel really sucky and I don't know what more I can do [info] None [info] 1583120483 [info] test
exxentricity [info] I was diagnosed with depression when I was of age 13 or so. I expected at the time that I would be living a delayed 'timetable' life - ie, the 10th, +2, degree, then job, etc would get delayed by perhaps 2-3 years. But it turns out that things are far worse than that. Going into the teens I was diagnosed with bi-polar disorder and turning 20-21, I would be diagnosed a paranoid type. Meanwhile I dropped out of B. Arch, graduated as BA in Maths, was turned down at interviews (which I attended only because of people of the house would ask me to), etc etc. So, that's my life's 'plan'/expected road way and how it turned out. :) [info] None [info] 1493374740 [info] test
weenzmagheenz [info] I was diagnosed with depression at 13, and have been on medication since then. I'm 23 now. I noticed that I had a harder time retaining information about 5 or 6 years ago, but honestly just figured it was related to alcohol or weed (although, I don't drink a whole lot... and although I used to smoke for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, I haven't at all in a few months now). It seemed all the more obvious that I have a bad memory because my fiance has an excellent one. I honestly just figured I was losing intelligence... didn't realize that other people had this same issue. And I haven't really had the motivation to look into it so I had kind of accepted the fact that I was... for lack of better words... getting progressively more stupid. Knowing that it could possibly be related to my depression is actually kind of inspiring, although worrying at the same time, but I think I'm going to do some research about it now... thanks, Reddit!  [info] None [info] 1380930929 [info] test
sadperson1234 [info] How functional are you with your depression? I've been diagnosed with depression but I'm confused with my own diagnosis. The bad parts are very bad - but I can easily lock them away and go about my day like normal when I've left my house. No one on the outside sees any sign of depression and I can still enjoy and feel happy with social interactions. I struggle to feel any hurt anymore or any sadness - I'm replaced with a feeling of apathy and not caring. Anxiety is also replaced apathy even when everything around me seems to crash around me. I don't even feel anything when hearing about death of family members, when a relationship of 2 years ends or just any of that. But I can still feel happy emotions?Has anyone else experienced a similar kind of depression? What have your experiences been? I'm confused with how my mind works. [info] None [info] 1508545058 [info] test
xLumeni [info] I have been diagnosed with depression, GAD, body dysmorphia. So I have been on a slew of medication throughout the years. I find that diet and exercise work for the most part. I don't like to be on medication if it isn't absolutely necessary. [info] None [info] 1492716799 [info] test
BigCheif537 [info] Your Breath taking! Thank you dearly, I was diagnosed with depression a year ago when I was in year 9 in year 10 now, and everything I think is going to be good is disappointing. Except this you deserve a medal from all categories of people you mentioned. Thank you, you made me smile and feel better on this Saturday night where I would usually play some games and feel sad and listen to deep music (still am doing the last one). This has brightened my night even more than the moon. And the fact that you have the time to write this justifies the time I am taking to write this. Really thank you, you have a gift to write, to move people and to create happiness out of sadness, [info] None [info] 1563628320 [info] test
arcadejunkie [info] Perhaps you will forgive my invasiveness, but I have a few questions regarding the onset of the disorder.I am mostly curious about how your wife knew that something was really wrong, and at what stage of her life the more crippling aspects of the disorder came about. I have done some research into these sorts of things, but only from a communications standpoint--which is to say how people with mental disorders communicate and what is going on in their heads--certainly no clinical studies.I, too, come from a family with a history of paranoid schizophrenia; I, too, have creative leanings that are sometimes conquered by slight obsessive-compulsive tendencies, and I was diagnosed with depression in my early teens following my mother's death. I am in my mid-twenties now, and over the past five or so years I have noticed certain things that point towards my sanity slipping as well. For instance, during my time at college there was a period when my thoughts would lapse into a kind of circular trap that Gregory Bateson calls "double-bind" and R.D. Lang documents in his book "knots". They seem virtually inescapable and are very debilitating for several hours. They only occur at night, I have to let them pass on their own, and may be accompanied by auditory hallucinations (as I think I hear things that don't make sense in the context of being in my bedroom and bathroom) but I have no real way of knowing if I am hearing things or not. I have sought medical help for them before, but the doctors just chalked it up to stress, told me to get some Valerian root, and suck it up. Has your wife ever experienced something similar? [info] None [info] 1307756649 [info] test
DeanBowling [info] I’m a bit late to this but here we go:My best experience was actually this last Sunday at RTX. This was my 2nd RTX, with the first one in 2013 being one of the best experiences of my life. For a variety of reasons, though, RTX 2014 was pretty disappointing after the first 2 days (Not getting to see as many panels, missing out on some autographs, etc.). Though I felt extremely happy to just be in Austin again and to be at RTX, things just didn’t seem to be going my way at this year’s convention. Anyways, Day 3 turned out to be amazing. While everything seemed to go against me the first 2 days, everything on the third day went extremely well. While there were a number of things that made the last day memorable, the last thing to happen to me is what made it truly amazing. After the convention ended, I decided to stick around to try to get a few more autographs from staff members. I planned on only being around for an hour or so, but ended up staying for over 3 hours with the group of dedicated fans who wanted to cheer on the guardians. After what seemed like an eternity, Burnie finally came back out to sign autographs and take pictures with the hundred or so fans who waited around. I took my badge up to Burnie to get signed, but in all honesty I just wanted an excuse to talk to him a little bit more before I had to leave Austin for a year. I just wanted to thank him for everything he does, considering RoosterTeeth is such an important part of my life. Though I’m better now, there was a time in my life in which I was diagnosed with depression and things like the RT Podcast and RvB always did a good job of picking me up. After shaking his hand and thanking him, Burnie actually started asking me a few questions, which was pretty surprising considering how tired he seemed. I know Burnie is a passionate guy, but the day has been long and I wouldn’t have been offended at all if he kept everything short so he could get to everyone and then head out. Though the conversation was brief, his interest in how my weekend went seemed so genuine. Finally, I reached out to shake his hand one last time and instead he gave me a hug. I’m a 21 year old guy who usually doesn’t show much emotion, especially in public places, but, man, I’ll admit that’s the closest I’ve ever come to just completely bawling my eyes out. That moment is something I’ll never forget, and I can’t explain how much it means to know one of my idols cares that much about the community. It’s always been said that caring about community is what separates RT from everyone else, but I don’t know if I truly understood until that moment. Thanks Burnie and Rooster Teeth for being awesome. — Dean aka Lynnwood on the site [info]  [info] 1404959942 [info] test
trizfores [info] Tired of pretending For years, I have been depressed. When I was just a few months old, my biological parents left me out on the street. I was adopted by a wonderful lady--I would say she's my real mom. She was the only one who truly loved me. But then things started to go downhill, all the more when she passed away.I have been diagnosed with depression for years and years. I have nothing against my mom, I loved her with all I am. But she sheltered me from the cruelties of this world. After her passing, bankruptcy, suicide... Everything happened. Peoole who I thought were my family and friends left me. Shrinks said that it's useless for me to go to appointments as I have no emotional support at all. I haven't taken my meds in years. I can't afford them, and certain triggers have disappeared. I literally have no one. I was rushed to the ER 2x and my next of kin wouldn't answer, I was discharged.Heck, even when I am in a shitty relationship, I will stick to it, no matter how much it hurts--I say to myself, 'Better to be with someone abusing me, than no one at all.' It's wrong, I know... But I just can't help it. I even pretend I am happily texting/chatting 'him' when in actuality, I am chatting on an AI app. People say they have been through similar scenarios as me, and they push through it. They even say to pray. Why don't they understand, I am not them? And why can't God just take away my pain and make me suffer more? I am religious. I don't practice so much.I keep on smiling, when deep down inside, I'm breaking more! :( [info] None [info] 1558199228 [info] test
ninjaguy308 [info] A Story Of Love, and Mai Waifu Lurker here with a mildly depressing and somewhat uplifting true story about my life. When I refer the Mai Waifu I mean the one and only [Kirino](http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/18700000/Summertime-kirino-kousaka-18793364-1920-1080.jpg). She has been since around when I first watched Oreimo in and fell in love with her antics and Eroge loving personality. Also trigger warning to anyone who doesn't want to hear about Self-Harm or who is dealing with it right now. I'd post this on [r/selfharm](http://www.reddit.com/r/selfharm/) but I don't think they'd be too cool with the whole "anime pillow" thing.Well with that said lets start. When I was in grade seven I first began to dabble in self-inflicted injury. Honestly looking back I see how stupid it was of me to do this, but that didn't stop me at the time. I first started with just little scratches or burns here and there as a way to cope with stress. I eventually became addicted to the feeling of doing this and it was turning into a nightly routine for me. It only later caused later caused more problems when I began therapy after attempting to take my own life in grade eight. Since then I have been diagnosed with depression (which I think is just a way of saying your kid is fucked up so lets give him meds). I went through therapy for a while but the cutting and self-harm didn't stop. I was using it to deal with all stress in my life, much of which was in fact cause by effects of cutting myself. I would be invited to go to the beach, but didn't want people to see what I had done so I would stay home and cut. In more extreme case I was broken up with after being hospitalized for my suicidal tendencies. This just made me cut more and be even more suicidal. I wanted to stop doing this to my body and mind incredibly bad, but no matter what I did, I still cut. I'd exercise, then cut. Take meds, then cut. Drown myself in media like games and anime, then cut. This was until Summer 2013 when I discovered what a Dakimakura was. I searched around until I found one of Kirino that was within my budget. I found one that I loved, and fit my budget, though it was most likely a bootleg so I won't link it. When the cover came in the mail I was overjoyed, I told my parents (as I'm a minor) that it was from the Reddit Pokemon exchange and it had just arrived very late. I ran up to my room and unpacked it, because I didn't have a proper filling, I just put two pillows inside and it fit like a glove. I sleep with her every night now, she's my cuddle buddy, and because its hot where I live, I sleep in minimal clothing. This meant that if I was to cut I'd bleed all over Kirino that night, that'd probably be the last thing I do. I don't cut anymore because of that. I broke the habit once she arrived and haven't tried taking my life as well. A Dakimakura, which was a bootleg no less, managed to help me more than any therapy or meds could have.[Pictures of old scars](http://www.reddit.com/r/selfharmpics/comments/1nd1zm/three_months_clean_today_and_my_scars_continue_to/) Pretty gross so be warned.[Stupid picture of me and Mai Waifu](http://imgur.com/82jsSaB)Tl;dr: I cut myself, got a Dakimakura, now I don't. [info] None [info] 1390262474 [info] test
FishSnores [info] Thanks I just one of those people that don’t go to the doc unless I am close to dying. So I have the snoring and lack of energy for nearly thirty years. But after I was diagnosed with depression I decided to ask about the snoring. [info] None [info] 1560101145 [info] test
logvith [info] Memories, old bad break-up and crush So I seem to be stuck and completely unable to let go of these old memories. I've been diagnosed with depression and ADD. Meds helped slightly but I still think.Part 1 is the memories. I went through a bad break up 10 years ago. Sad to admit this is still affecting me which makes me hate myself even more. I was very happy with her as I thought she was with me. We had discussed getting married eventually which she seemed happy at the thought of it. I was about to ask her, had the ring in hand in my pocket and she hit me with the 'we need to talk' and it was over. Didn't help she chose to do this just a day after I lost a job. I found out later she was already banging one of her co-workers before she ended it.That has affected me in so many ways. I try not to think of her. A few years ago I stumbled across a picture on my computer which set me off. I thoroughly searched my computer and contacts on phones and emails to make sure that would not happen again. There are still other triggers, though. I love music. I almost can't stand to listen to some of my favorite bands because I'll remember going to a concert or doing something and that brings it back.I have moved on. I am married now(wouldn't say happily though) but I still remember the ex near daily. This far out I also feel like that makes me some obsessed stalker but not really. I haven't kept track of her or anything, just something else I mentally beat myself for...Part 2. Being married to someone else. I loved her when we got married but things have changed drastically. We've talked but she puts no effort in. I hate that I still think of the ex now that I'm with someone else. Also a while ago I was browsing Facebook to see if I could find some old high school friends. Found one that I had a crush on way back. Start talking and she's still gorgeous and the same personality that I remember. Also, I find out that the feeling back in school was mutual but I was probably already depressed at the time and thought she was way out of my league. Again, I'm already taken as is she and hate that I'm thinking of this. That's not as strong of a downer as the ex is, could'a, should'a feelings just like with multiple others that makes me question what I've missed.This post has gotten far longer than I meant it to. Thanks to anyone who actually reads it. If anyone does, how do you deal with such strong memories? [info] None [info] 1425933988 [info] test
burtleton [info] Exactly this.I've been diagnosed with depression for about 20 years. It seemed to start randomly but last 5 or so years it's absolutely always this time of year.I'm going to try and get through without pills this time as they seem to get less affective with worsening side effects as I get older also.I wish humans could hibernate. [info] None [info] 1569006879 [info] test
Jokerjoey1 [info] A friendship falling apart.. I am in dire need of help. My friend(lets call him friend/he) and I have been friends for about a year and a half. We are both 16 and are both interested in video games. I met him in 9th grade, on the first full day of school. Before this, I was diagnosed with depression and had a very rough year, my grandma and great grandma died within 2 months. I was on a pill up until the end of 8th grade, when things were getting a lot better. I went into 9th grade scared, jealous of others around me, and feeling hopeless because I had very few friends, if you can even call them that. Well, we sat down at the same table, and something felt different. He said the first few words, and they were about video games. I felt so happy that day, I went home and skyped him. This is where it all started.About halfway through 9th grade, we "added" a new friend to our group of 2. This time, a girl. Smart, seemed nice, but when you get to know her, deceiving. I would gang up on Friend and Friend would gang up on me. They were mostly minor, until it started to get serious, kicking from calls, and ignoring for the entire day. We did that to each other, but I did cry about it once, in all honesty, I deserved it. This is when I began to be a jerk. Well, it took us 3 months to realize that she was not right to be our friends, and that she was trying to get in between us. After that, the fighting between us started. Friend and I would always yelling at each other about dumb things. We both started things, and it was a challenge to be good friends. He then went away to Australia for a month, and during that month, I think everything was boiling. I knew that one of us needed to change and that I had time to try. I tried, and I still don't know if I really did change. Skip ahead a few months to 2014. Things got worse. Up until now, the fights were quick and pointless, but this year has been horrible. I am having a hard time typing it, because my eyes keep tearing up. In the last month, we have had countless, massive fights, that put us to the point of ending the friendship. I have cried so many times over these fights, and I keep up hope that it will get better. We both give in, and end it. I don't know why he does, but I do it because I can't think of life without him. He can sometimes be such a great friend. But we both can be complete jerks to each other. And that's when we fight. I don't know what to do. I don't want to go back to depression but I want to keep him as a friend. In the end, I really love him as a friend and I love his company. He means so much to me and I don't think he knows it. I wish that we could just restart everything, like a video game. But I think this friendship is doomed. I am in desperate need of help.Thanks in advance to anyone who comments, it means so much that there are random people out there that will help others. Thank you. [info] None [info] 1398533953 [info] test
AshJonesArt [info] Just wanted to add my two cents, as I have struggled with this/still lapse from time to time. To set the scene, I was diagnosed with depression but do not use medication as it is personally too addictive for my liking. My brain tends to focus on the negative aspects of my relationships at any given turn. What I can say is that you will find people that undersand you and all it takes it that first step and being truly honest about how you feel. My girlfriend constantly reminds me of all of the good things I have done for her that week, when all I can seem to remember is the times I've hurt her or made her cry. You just need those around you to know and you can then begin to put in place emotional safety nets for yourself to make things easier. If you're anything like me, It's a sort of self loathing that perpetuates these feelings but there are so many people that can love and support you in this world, even if you haven't met the right ones yet. If you ever need a random stranger to be that person then we are all one message away from sharing your situation. If I can then anyone can with the right help. [info] None [info] 1466340369 [info] test
paws17 [info] depressed in a 'perfect' life? I was diagnosed with depression last week by a medical professional and put on 20mg of citalopram everyday. I am having a difficult time coming to the conclusion of my diagnosis because my life seems to be near perfect. I have everything going for me- loving family and friends, a healthy and happy relationship with my boyfriend, my college education (even though school has become challenging), a nice car and a roof over my head. I just can't seem to understand why i'm feeling the way i do when everything in my life is so positive. [info] None [info] 1488125570 [info] test
Eran-of-Arcadia [info] I was on my mission when I was diagnosed with depression - and it was the resources of the Church that encouraged me to treat my issues not as "a bad mood" but as a genuine medical issue. Talking with one RM in particular, and then my mission president's wife, was the catalyst.Luckily enough, I broke my arm right around the time I was diagnosed, which made a great analogy for people (such as my companion) who couldn't understand why I didn't just "suck it up." [info] I Love Primary [info] 1429361794 [info] test
hearthebells [info] I have gastroparesis! It's terrible. The most painful of all my diseases for sure. I'm so sorry you have to go through all of this, (even if you don't or do have gp, I know your pain) especially all the pain, nausea, etc. It's a nightmare. I also got told I had IBS (c). Eventually put in hospital, endoscopies, lots of tests, and was told I didn't have GP. That I was just "stressed" and needed mental help. Went to another doctor and she did another test and it revealed I DID in fact have some moderate to severe delay in emptying. If you can, I'd get a second (or however many you feel it takes) opinion from a GI Dr. It took me a lot of different doctors but I'm finally at a place I'm comfortable with. Don't give up!  It can be really tough, I've left hospitals and doctors offices crying my eyes out, but once you at least get an answer and try different options it gets easier with time. I hope things get easier for you xSorry about the above text being so unorganized, I'm on mobile. edit: I just saw the bottom of your post. please don't ever think it's "in your head." It's NEVER in your head. Being told that I was making it up really hurt me, especially since I was diagnosed with depression, ptsd, etc. but I was truly hurting and suffering! They didn't understand being told that made my pain and stress levels even worse.  [info] None [info] 1457841036 [info] test
SendHappinessPlz [info] Why can't I enjoy weed anymore? I'm sure many have posted about this before me but here's my story.I smoked weed daily for 10 years, literally from morning to night. Everything I did, I was high for. Life was great. Eventually I felt like I was too reliant on it and was smoking just for the sake of smoking. I tried to quit countless times but failed. Finally I was able to stop. Ever since then, weed has a completely different effect on me. Now I feel extremely uncomfortable while high. Even one hit makes my mind race and traps me inside my own head. I've been diagnosed with depression since then, although I think I had it before but was self medicating with weed. The problem is, at least the weed was helping me cope before. Now I'm apathetic and depressed with no coping mechanism. What gives? [info] None [info] 1516766853 [info] test
Shut_Up_Navi [info] For many people who suffer from clinical depression, it's too deep to just decide to be happy. I was diagnosed with depression when I was 10 years old. That's 16 years of psychiatrists and meds and just *trying* to be happy. And it's not that I haven't *decided* to be happy or that I'm not trying hard enough. I'd give anything to feel normal.I'm glad that worked for you, but it's not always that easy for everyone with depression. [info] None [info] 1370899993 [info] test
zdunn [info] I wish I had some better advice. I've been going through the same thing recently. However, I would suggest checking out a subreddit more dedicated to your type of problem, since people are just going to comment that you didn't follow rule 1. I was diagnosed with depression, but after being prescribed medicine for it and it not helping, I am going to see a doctor for ADD. Either of these could be the case. Talk to your parents. Tell them what you're going through and that you want to change, but don't know how. It may seem scary, but they care about you and want you to succeed. That's what helped me the most. If you really need someone to talk to, feel free to PM me. [info] None [info] 1367480204 [info] test
AC71196 [info] I'm depressed but no one understands that I value solitude just as much as I value company [No Regrets]: I have been diagnosed with depression a few months back. Its been something that ive struggled with for years. Sometimes I just need someone to hug me and listen to me. Other times I just need someone to talk to me about anything to get my minds off things. For the most part i have many friends and have fun at college. However, everyday I take anywhere from 15min to 4 hours and try to be alone. The reason is because I need my own time to unwind and just think. Most people ask why I do this and when I try and explain they give me a funny look and ask if I need to talk things out. I just need time away from people to keep myself sane. I feel as if no one gets this and thinks im a weirdo because of my alone time. Ima keep on doing what works I suppose. [info] None [info] 1431407101 [info] test
bradygeorge [info] Why is this so relatable. I was in a gifted class for 3 years. Made mostly As and some Bs. Then in fifth grade I was bullied. Then I was diagnosed with depression. Now I’m that lonely kid [info] None [info] 1553377397 [info] test
rainy-haze [info] Any particular reason? Just don't feel like going? I had a really hard time getting motivated to go to class in college, like could not even make it to some exams although inside I knew I had to kind of troubles, and along with some other things and behaviors I was displaying, some friends intervened and I was diagnosed with depression and once I sought treatment it got better. It wasn't a miracle, over night thing, but with the help of the university health center and support of my friends, I managed to pulled myself together enough to not totally fuck over my future. I did still fail some classes, but I retook them and still managed to graduate. Maybe consider seeking out help! No judgements from me, I just don't want your future to be permanently impacted by this if you're hitting a weird rough patch.  [info] None [info] 1460038715 [info] test
juice9555 [info] That's one thing I've always feared about the antigun lobby. "We can't let people with mental disorders have guns." I've been diagnosed with aspergers or at least that's what my mom told me, but I do know I was diagnosed with depression. I've dealt with bullying and still kinda deal with it, sometimes the things people say  make me wanna grab a rock and knock them out because I don't really know how to talk smack right back. In the end though, I don't think people understand people who have mental disorders and all I can say for myself is leave me alone, I don't want to hurt anyone [info] None [info] 1556968650 [info] test
mmicoandthegirl [info] It's like it's all just gray, nothing is nothing anymore. When I was diagnosed with depression, I couldn't feel nothing but this gut wrenching feeling. I hadn't felt anything in a while and as I felt that feeling I was happy until I realized it wasn't a good or a normal feeling. Then I just got that I was depressed. Cried on the floor for 8 hours and went to hospital.  [info] None [info] 1397421113 [info] test
Tenoshii [info] Standard self-pitying rant Dear Reddit,I've been feeling very Unwell this past week and I Just need somewhere to splurge my pathetic bullshit.I was diagnosed with depression just over two years ago. The catalyst was a very messy breakup that resulted in my ex attempting suicide twice. I have semi-regular nightmares about laying next to her lifeless corpse, I'm terrified of getting seriously involved with anyone in case it goes wrong and they end up dead. I've never improved someone's life by being with them and I don't want  damage anyone ever again. I'm just so fucking lonely.I'm not on any medication anymore, I can handle things on a day-to-day basis most of the time, I juist feel like putting some words down makes me feel less shit. [info] None [info] 1465126771 [info] test
harley_love25 [info] I've never understood why people do this as well. It's not okay and it's just annoying.  I was diagnosed with depression and PTSD from being in a very mentally/emotionally abusive relationship. It's been two years since I got out of it and I still struggle on a daily basis not to cry or react because something small triggered me or brought back a bad memory. But besides this post,I have never posted my mental health issues anywhere for everyone to see mainly because I don't want anyone besides my close family and my boyfriend knowing.  [info] None [info] 1538777169 [info] test
CorporalCrazy89 [info] I stared at the thin slip of paper in my hand. Never had this happened before. I have heard of and seen many things in my life, but this was something I never would have expected. Every person receives a card on their 18th birthday, sometimes left in the mail, or delivered at your door. My friend had gotten his a month ago, and it told him the sad truth that he would die on September 8th, 2025, in red text. Two days ago, he was hit in a head-on collision with a drunk driver and died a few hours later in the hospital. Today is September 10th, my birthday. I thought I was prepared for anything. I could not have been more wrong.I've been living alone in a rough neighborhood. My parents had both died, my father when I was little, my mother recently. Seeing as they knew the date of their death they put in all their last efforts to make enough money for me to inherit so I could live comfortably for however long I was given. My mother didn't make much, but she worked her heart out in her last year to do whatever she could for me. I will always be grateful for her despite her overprotective nature she held over me, and her attempts to control my decisions. She always just trying to keep me safe.However, I am, and always have been, a broken man. Things in my life have hardened me far enough where I felt nothing at my friend's funeral. Not a single tear or any identifiable sadness. Just a cold, hard feeling of constant misery and suffering - something that has been plaguing me ever since I can remember. Last year I was diagnosed with depression, but it never came as a surprise. I promised myself to keep going for my mother's sake so she would think I was happy before she died. I didn't want her to know I was considering leaving this corrupt world by my own means. When I opened the mailbox and pulled out the unlabeled envelope, I fully expected to see a date that was very, very soon, in red text. That, I figured, would be the day I decide to end it all. If I tried to commit suicide earlier, I wouldn't be able to die. If I didn't commit suicide on the date given to me, something would happen that would kill me anyway. People have tried both - they never escape the date given to them. Expecting the red text, I opened up the letter, dreading whatever was coming. More than anything, I was fearful of green text. I did not want to be trapped in this world any longer.So there I was, staring at the card. It would either be red, or green. There were no other options. The date on the card read September 10th, 2007 - the day I was born. Even stranger was that the text was neither red or green, but blue. I went to see the doctor and showed him the card. Normally, people don't share their date to others, and many tear their card up rather than reading it. But this was something that had never happened before, and I needed to know if the doctor knew what it meant. What did it mean I would die 18 years ago, the day I was born? Why was the text blue, and not red or green? The doctor stared at the card for what seemed like an eternity. "It can't be possible," he mumbled to himself as he grabbed a book and began flipping through the pages. "What does this mean, doc?" I asked him worriedly. I did not fear death - I feared life. My worst fears were about to come true."I have never seen anything like this before," he replied breathlessly. He simply could not explain it.I went home and looked at my desk. The gun I had been hiding from my mother for years stared at me. I picked it up and stared at it, thinking of what my card meant. There was only one way to find out. I fired the gun and collapsed to the floor. The pain was monumental. But I was alive - fully conscious and alive. I jumped off a cliff, got myself hit by a truck, poisoned myself, and attempted suicide so many times over the next few days. After all these attempts, and staying alive, I finally realized the truth of what the card meant.I was immortal.Why me? [info] None [info] 1557938082 [info] test
PooSham [info] I'm embarrassed too. I was diagnosed with depression last year, but I really think the problem lies in my disability to concentrate. I've tried to give some hints (like usual ADD-symptoms), but he just said I'm depressed. Now I don't feel depressed any more because I took a year off and didn't stress over stuff, but I still feel like I can't concentrate, and I know I've been like this my entire life. I don't feel like calling him again and telling him though. [info] None [info] 1332953437 [info] test
dirty_hanzo_mains [info] I was diagnosed with depression and ADD, it really only affected the medication they prescribed me.  The ADD has never really come into play, it was the depression that was weighing me down.  Bupropion is magic. [info] None [info] 1492729827 [info] test
bisonyourface29 [info] Yes the drug causes depression, yes I have been diagnosed with depression, no the Dr has not said the drug caused the depression. I got the drug and diagnosis about 12 years apart from different Doctors.  [info] None [info] 1453398894 [info] test
zombiezz805 [info] I'm in almost the exact same position...I'm only 5 weeks away from being the first person in any of my close families to graduate from college and the pressure is killing me.  I was diagnosed with depression only about a month ago but I've been there longer. I literally just told my girlfriend about it a few nights ago, but I can't really talk to her about it.  I also have no best friend.  Mostly thanks to my girlfriend. I love her, but I kind of resent her for making me lose all the close friends I had.And hey I'm a metalhead too.  What are the odds.  If you really feel like being a musician, go for it.  Sure, you'll likely never go Platinum but why would you wanna whore yourself out like Metallica anyway? If anything play just for fun. I wish I could do the same.If you have any demos, I'd honestly be interested in hearing them.  Just know that there's billions of people still left in this world. We're bound to find at least a few with some similarities who wouldn't mind hearing what you have to say.  I'm one of them.Good luck with the depression, man. [info] None [info] 1367836751 [info] test
Salaia [info] I was diagnosed with depression in my teen years (diagnosed when my parents divorced but was present before then).  From experience, counseling has been the best thing since I started going this year.  They can better identify ALL of your issues (I thought it was just work stress but it is hard to deal with work stress when your childhood was stressful) and as long as she goes to a non-LDS-appointed counselor, she can start working on how to deal with her mental status, rather than how she's currently dealing with it.  I know it isn't always cheap and had not tried to find one while I was a minor, but it was the best route I could have chosen. [info] None [info] 1379389875 [info] test
thundershaft [info] Shit I had a year of therapy after I was diagnosed with depression but it didn't do me any good. Granted I was 16 and a closed minded little prick. I've always avoided going back, but honestly the way you described this might make me reconsider. [info] None [info] 1550272321 [info] test
carrera594 [info] I feel that if you have "the blues" for over 6 -12 months then you most likely have depression. When I was diagnosed with depression I had a feeling of hopelessness and sadness lasting well over a year. I never thought I'd have depression but as I soon learned depression runs in my family. Every member in my immediate family has depression. Depression is a very serious thing, please get yourself checked and be safe. Good luck to you good sir, there is always hope. [info] None [info] 1330018917 [info] test
AbstractStranger [info] I’m not a doctor but to me it sounds like you have some sort of depression. I have been diagnosed with depression and I would say I am more happy than you if you only feel good 10% of the time. Do you feel like there is something specific in your life? I also was on lexapro for about 6 years but haven’t been on any medications for 3 and I can completely relate to your concerns about being put on some medication that might fuck you up. If I were you I would see a doctor and explain to them that you don’t feel comfortable being put on meds and he may recommend a therapist.  [info] None [info] 1531441634 [info] test
Alec2525 [info] I'm struggling Hi,I am 31m and I was diagnosed with depression (probably burn out) at the beginning of this year. It started one morning, when I thought I had a heart attack. I couldn't get up at the bus stop anymore and just stayed there for a long time before dragging myself to the doctor. I had trouble speaking. It was really bad. Things got better at a psychatric hospital, where I spent 4 months. I speak normally and my walk is nearly normal (I couldn't walk properly) but I remain tired all the time. Sometimes it is like suffocating. I got cortison IV therapy, but it didn't help. Apperently I have a common disease called Hashimoto's on top of my depression but it is supposed to be fine now. I don't feel that numb. It's just that everything is tiresome and drags. I can't work at the moment and life is no fun at all. I am very stiff and put on a little weight. I just hope I will feel normal again. I take aripiprazole and venlaflaxine.Does anyone have had a similar experience?Cheers,Alec [info] None [info] 1561391186 [info] test
reCAPTCHAYAMUM [info] I was 'depressed' for years. I was diagnosed with depression, OCD, and GAD, and I was put on SSRIs. I eventually realised that my mind was creating these 'mental illnesses' as an excuse to avoid things that I was afraid of. In a very harsh sense I believe I created my own problems as a convenient excuse to be lazy.There was no eureka moment, but after making this realisation and admitting to myself that no one was responsible for my success and happiness in life besides me, I made a lot of changes. I stopped seeing a psychologist, get off lexapro, started working out, and started putting more effort into my friendships. Slowly my mental illnesses just petered out and now I consider myself mental illness free. I don't want to offend anyone who believes they are mentally ill, but I would suggest at least considering that your 'mental illnesses' are just products you subconsciously created over time to avoid things that you are afraid of. [info] None [info] 1463478037 [info] test
TDubTheSubBub [info] After I was diagnosed with depression I decided to go into an outpatient intensive dialectical behavior therapy group for adults. I learned about many different people dealing with the same illness as me and some dealing with other illnesses. We all came from different paths in life, but we all found ourselves in that room every morning, making an effort to better our lives. It was more focused on how to live with our illness than what caused it. One thing that will always stick with me is that we were all told at the beginning that we would have to deal with our illnesses for the rest of our lives. We had a couple rules for every meeting that went along with an overarching theme. We never mentioned specifics, no self harming thoughts or the like were to come up in meetings. No judgement was to be passed on anyone else, we were all there to improve our lives. And probably the most relevant for this post, we never made any assumptions. We weren't supposed to try and relate to others problems because we all came from different paths. I didn't know what anyone was going through and they didn't know what I was going through. All we needed to know was that all of our emotions were valid. We all had our reasons and those reasons were valid. I think the worst thing anyone could do to anyone dealing  with mental illness is to invalidate their emotions. Don't ever tell them that they shouldn't feel that way, don't ever make assumptions about what they are going through, and lastly don't bring it up often. We are just people trying to live the same as you.  [info] None [info] 1475647484 [info] test
Moochkins [info] It might be the time of year, SAD or whatever (I was diagnosed with depression some years ago but I thought it was gone by now), but I really feel like my co-workers are suddenly annoyed by me or have lost all respect for me. I dunno. It's really getting me down.  [info] None [info] 1452073033 [info] test
bookishgeek [info] This struck a chord in me because I have been exactly where you are. I was diagnosed with depression and GAD right before my now-ex fiancé broke it off with me. I was convinced I could change and show him what a good person I was, that he'd love me if I changed. But the truth is that after he left me, and I got over the first week or so, I found a real wellspring of strength in me. I cope with my depression much better now as a result. Try to remember that anyone not willing to help you through the hard times does not deserve you during the good ones. Hang in there. [info] None [info] 1345113474 [info] test
xR3ALR3CKL3SSx [info] My psychology teacher wrote me...and I never read the note. My last week in my psychology 101 class in college  we wrote an essay about ourselves and what we learned blah blah blah. That year I was diagnosed with depression. I wrote about how that class help me seek help and understand what I'm feeling.When I got the paper back there was a long paragraph in red pen on the last page of my essay(I could see the ink through the page on top). I put it in my backpack without reading what he wrote. I wanted to thank him before I left on the last day of class but I couldn't. I chickened out last minute. I have lost the paper since then. I wonder what he wrote. Really cool teacher too. [info] None [info] 1505413393 [info] test
oradraffe [info] I just don't know anymore. ( Extremely long post sorry) Hi, im really terrible with words so I dont know how this will go, but fuck it.Im 19, out of high-school, never graduated and I dont even have a GED. Recently moved back in with my parents after living in Las Vegas for 6-7 months, and im extremely depressed not necessarily to the point of suicide, but lets just say that if a semi were heading my way, I cant promise you id move out of the way.Whats the point in life if nothing you do brings you happiness? Ive never really had any friends aside from the ones i have made online through years of online gaming, and that's only 2 mind you. Recently, it feels like they don't enjoy being around me, even though they know im depressed but I don't talk about it constantly.Its just that with my depression being so shitty right now their presence helps me a lot, yet they choose to ignore me. But they don't know that it helps, and the fact that they aren't there like they used to be doesn't help me one bit. And with my sleep schedule being completely flipped and insomnia for days at a time being present, I cant help this extreme feeling of depression.Im also in love with a girl I met through one of them, even though they live 3 states away, and im not 100% sure she likes me back, so I highly doubt she will know my feelings, even though shes the first person I have fallen in love with because shes so amazing. But then again I don't think with my fucked up state, id be able to handle rejection.As a long time reader of this Sub reddit, I notice a lot of people asking people for hobbies, and I only have 1, gaming..but as of recent I cant enjoy it at all. Also, no I dont take meds, aside from self medicating with painkillers and Weed, I was diagnosed with depression at a very young age, and tried multiple meds over the years with none working. I don't know my full intentions of posting here.Maybe I just want someone aside from the small amount of people in my life that dont really care, to know whats going on with me. And hell, maybe its good that I haven't made a move on the girl I love, because no one wants to be around a depressing person like me right? And what if I did kill myself, then it would just be another person im disappointing and making sad? Its just terrible waking up every morning with this constant sadness, and depression raining over me like a thunderstorm. Accompanied by loneliness and knowing that the only person I ever loved wont know the feelings I have. I know a lot of people say it gets better, be patient etc. Its not true for everyone, I have learned from experience shit just gets worse. I said it once and i'll say it again, I dont see why anyone would want to be around me when I have this shitstorm of depression looming over me. If I had to be honest I dont see myself being here in the next 1-2 weeks. If you didn't read the whole thing I dont blame you, my sentence skills are terrible, my life is boring, and this whole post that I made is just a bland Piece of shit.Hope you all have a good day. [info] None [info] 1401787336 [info] test
10minuteslate [info] This really hits home for me. I was diagnosed with depression around 5 years ago, and I'm now a graduate student working towards a doctorate in clinical psychology. I actually research depression's effect on interpersonal relationships. Try not to be too hard on yourself. It's so easy when you're depressed to be critical of how you're handling your relationships, especially since depression DOES make it harder to be the kind of relationship partner that you would like to be. In all likelihood you are your own worst critic, so try to remember to forgive yourself. The decision to go see a doctor and/or a psychologist is one of the hardest parts of this journey, and you've made a courageous choice. Best of luck, we're all here with you. [info] IH/Raleigh/Railcar/Skull/3sixteen and more [info] 1396639306 [info] test
anupsidedownpotato [info] Definently talk to the doctor who prescribes the medication because they know best. I also have depression and ADHD. I was diagnosed in the first grade with ADHD (Thanks Ms. Maguire). And after trying a range of of different medications I finally ended up with Focalin XR. In the seventh grade I was diagnosed with depression which took a huge toll on my social life, school life and everything else. It was extremely difficult and you'll eventually get through it I would definently recommend talking to your doctor about what ADHD medication would work for you while also taking antidepressants that work well with each other. Your mental health is very important and should be taking seriously. But I think once you get on the right medication it's just a matter of time and falling onto the right flow. I'm just out of my junior year in high school and I'm finally off my depression medicine for the first time and it's actually really hard. But good luck my friend. You'll get through it. [info] None [info] 1499366822 [info] test
jackinoff6969 [info] We never ended up getting married.:/ but therapy and medications never worked on me after I was diagnosed with depression 10ish years ago, therapy might help now though. If I find the time, it’s something I should probably reconsider. Thank you for the time and knowledge, every bit of feedback I get is seriously life saving,  [info] None [info] 1538871415 [info] test
NoxRunner [info] Not to be a buzz kill but I think it is also important to remember that we can not diagnose someone with limited information. I've been diagnosed with depression when I didn't really have it. It make me second guess myself and think that I was depressed.  [info] None [info] 1501952920 [info] test
WhyArentIDrunk [info] My whole life I've felt empty Hey, everyone new to this sub and I just feel like I need to get this out. My situation probably isn't as bad as most but it's rough right now. So to start off I grew up in a family of 5 where I'm the youngest of 3 kids. My mom all too often would tell me how much more she loved my older brother and how she feels like I'm gonna be a failure. Not once in my life has she told me she's proud of me and she only ever said after my accomplishments how much better my brother would have done... My dad wasn't around much, he had to work constantly to keep us all comfortable so I only ever saw him once or twice a week. I've always been an ugly kid with low self esteem and ever since I was 10 I never felt much. I was diagnosed with depression and doc said I should be on medication since I never opened up to the therapy, mom didn't want to pay for the meds and she wouldn't let me tell my dad or she would kick my ass. Fast forward 7 years and I finally got my first girlfriend, yay! But turns out she was also depressed but she took to physically harming herself vs bottling up like I did. She often blaimed me for her cuts, said she'd kill herself if I ever broke up with her and come my birthday, 9 months in the relationship, she dumped me and admitted to cheating on me with several of my classmates and so called "friends". When I finally graduated highschool I still didn't even get a "good job" from my mom, and my dad was late to the ceremony. My brother was there but visibly didn't give a shit, and my sister skipped the whole thing. Now I'm 22 barely staying in college, I've moved out and am living with a couple of old friends from my marching band who got married. So I'm the ever lasting 3rd wheel for them. I've taken to staying up all night because if I go lay in bed I just think about all the fucked up things going on and I hate myself even more. I've started smoking again. The only silver lining is I'm starting to get close to this girl whom I've know forever again, she was always there for me, she knew about all my home issues, and my one roommate actually got it out of her that she could see us dating. Little does she know I've regressed again and hate my life... I'm terrified to let her in and essentially reopen all those wounds from my ex. I don't know what to do anymore... I can't sleep, I can't eat much anymore, I just smoke and drink and dwell on the stupid shit... Sorry if all this is cheesy and not important. But... I really needed to just say it. Not many people know all this with me and I just want to talk to someone who understands.. [info] None [info] 1528432130 [info] test
ImRazoR [info] I thought that my Depression had an end but then it hit me like it never had before. I was diagnosed with depression when i was 14 years old, i had to stay in a psychatrie for 3 months because the doctors thought i was suicidal (i never even thought about it). it didn't help me so my mom decided it would be the best thing to move to another city so i had like a fresh start. Even though i still had no friends there i didn't felt as depressed as i did before, i learned to live with my depression.Now i'm 18 and Everything around me seems to fall apart i got fired from my job, my best friend "stole" my girlfriend, my mother was diagnosed with cancer and because of this she cant work anymore and we're standing on the edge of losing our home...I really try my best to find a job and to hide my depression from my mom so she doesn't has to worry about me. but every time i have an interview at some place i just can't even leave the house and i dont understand why. I pretty much just lie in my bed and do nothingI'm Sorry for the bad english. [info] None [info] 1455310625 [info] test
kael146 [info] Hey... uhhh, so I’ll say first off that by no means am I trying to justify whatever is going on, but I will say that I have been diagnosed with depression and it really takes a toll on my relationships with others?  So I to a certain extent can see where she’s coming from, with my personal ah paranoia of people using me and shit like that getting in the way of a lot of my relationships with others and it’s honestly fucking rough on the other end too.  What I will say however is that nothing she does is your fault and the best you can do right now is refer her to someone who could maybe help (which you mentioned doing, honestly that’s amazing of you) and be there for her.  You’ve done what you can, and really there’s nothing much else you could do.  What she does need to understand though and what’s taken me ages to accept is that even the closest confidante can’t replace a therapist, and treating someone who isn’t qualified for the position as such not only won’t help, but also potentially harm them.  Perhaps talking it out would be a good idea, but I don’t know the nature of your position and I won’t say it’s foolproof. Just know that it isn’t your fault and you’re doing what you can, and ultimately it’s on her to get better.  By supporting her on that journey you’re doing so much, and I’d honestly be more than grateful for someone like you. [info] None [info] 1537959201 [info] test
chernobyl169 [info] Nothing instigates childhood depression quite like religious oppression inflicted by parents. I would know; I've been diagnosed with depression and PTSD caused by emotional abuse from my religious family. [info] Strong Atheist [info] 1347727585 [info] test
Gleegs [info] I've always been everyone's shoulder to lean on, but I feel like all this time I've needed that the most. All my life, since I was able to establish a stable relationship/friendship with someone, I've always been the one who was always there. The one always there to talk late at night, the one who was there and ready if they needed to be picked up -- taken out to escape whatever they're going through. To let them know clearly that someone's there, and always has their back... Things like that. Yet in hindsight, it's come to me that when it came to all of this, no one's ever been there for me.     I was diagnosed with depression nine years ago. Time before that, and since then life has been unbearably hard. There are days where it goes unnoticed, and I can live a quasi-friendly, healthy, social life among my peers and acquaintances. Granted, within the circle of individuals I have found myself in as anyone does over the course of years, going from circle to circle, I've always found myself to be the one who was always there. The dependable one. The one who, no matter what, didn't judge, loved you, and just wanted to help. I can proudly say I always have, and I'll be damned if I don't keep doing it.    Lately life hasn't been exactly ideal. My SO of two years left me for someone else out on a whim, but that fact alone isn't what has been causing so much distress. It's the fact that this last month or so, I've realized how alone I am/have been. I've been so distracted by my life with them, I was too busy to realize my significant lack of friends or anyone just to simply talk to, and it's dawned on me that I need someone more than ever.     I've tried reaching out -- calling, texting, visiting, anything, and no one seems to be responding with any care or understanding. I know, not everyone understands what another person goes through, naturally. Perhaps that's the reason why I was good at empathizing with others. That said, no one is here. I am alone, and no one seems to care for the person who has been there, thick and thin for years now. This isn't some passive-aggressive rant about an individual that I resent for not helping me, because I wish it was. Who I'm talking about, is an entire group of individuals that I have invested the time to know, understand, and care for. It breaks me to realize that no matter what I do or try, no one seems to want to expend the energy to do the same.I need some advice, what do I do, and how do I do it? I feel lost. [info] None [info] 1477439316 [info] test
JMekas [info] Dissociation with clinical depression Long before I was diagnosed with depression, I began experiencing dissociation when I was around six years old. I felt detached from my body, like my experience in the world was not real but that I was an observer who was placed into consciousness by mistake. These episodes happened randomly and infrequently, until I was 20 and diagnosed with major depression. The disassociation intensified with episodes of depression. During very down periods, I can suffer them at least daily for hours at a time. This has recently caused me to weep and throw tantrums out of the frustration of feeling trapped and wanting to escape. My mental health care professionals have recognized these episodes but have not helped me understand what they might be caused by or how to control them (grounding exercises have not worked). Does anyone know more about the experience of dissociation in conjunction with depression? [info] None [info] 1496729549 [info] test
moon_sticks [info] 16 personalities: first INTP, then ESTP Keys2cognition: INTJ Similarminds: ESTP When I first tested for INTP I was diagnosed with depression and ADHD if that helps.  [info] None [info] 1512372500 [info] test
iSamHamlin [info] I was diagnosed with depression about 15 years ago and have been on numerous medicines for it. I haven’t taken any for awhile and am actually happier than ever (after doing a lot of other work). I don’t talk about this for fear of offending people but I have major issues with anyone saying people who are depressed need meds because their brains don’t produce enough certain chemicals. No one ever physically tested my brain before prescribing me. They asked me questions but no one measured the chemicals in my brain. To reduce mental illness stigma, many people say that treating depression as a brain chemical deficiency is like treating somebody whose body doesn’t produce enough insulin, but that’s not a true analogy. They run tests to make sure your body doesn’t produce enough insulin before they prescribe anything for it. All I did was answer a survey. Where is the medical test proving a physical deficiency in brain chemicals?To clarify with an example: I’m not saying a serotonin deficiency doesn’t cause depression. That’s indisputable. I’m saying a good number of people are walking around under the belief they have a serotonin deficiency who may not actually be deficient because, to my knowledge, there’s no medical test for that. [info] None [info] 1556126086 [info] test
