TheSoundOutside [info] You're absolutely right. And I have been diagnosed with anxiety, many years ago as a teen. I guess it's hard to reconcile the pervasiveness of anxiety in my everyday life and the panic attacks I seem to have very rarely now. Therapy is a ways off, at least until I get insurance.  [info] None [info] 1378998665 [info] test
tOki_Sori [info] [20/F] and [20/M] First time experiencing long distance from my 3 year long boyfriend. Need some advice on how to focus on myself despite how uncomfortable I may feel. The relationship we have is very special. We are very close, we see each other almost every day and although number of times we fight and seem like we're not a good matching puzzle, end of the day and beginning of the day, we love each other and find each other. So far, the only distance I've had with him was when he had to go to fencing tournaments and the longest was about 10 days. Not a big deal right? But I have been diagnosed with anxiety problems this year...and many was caused by the last two years of dramatic events I've never been through in and out of relationship. A little background about my boyfriend: He is intellectual, but lives inside his head and can't seem to put many actions he wants to apply. He is not the most assertive person and he is always genuine and caring for others. However, ever since he started having relationship experiences since about 5-6 yrs ago, he never had a big space of independence -- he was either in a relationship long term and short terms and never had a real break for himself. He met me at a pretty rough time of his life....and at first it wasn't easy for me or him to stick around together but we were the ones who kept each other unbroken. He loved me for my liveliness and it was just what he needed to regain his focus on his life -- to be a better self. But that hasn't been working very well over the years we've been together... No matter my effort and help, and support, he always struggled and would fall back to where he was... Part because he wasn't over his past of the mistakes he made, part because he feels guilty of his life, part because he feels like he doesn't have the independence he wants and possibly more reasons to add on... i see so much potential in what he can do for himself and to the world. He haven't gone to a real vacation in 4 years. Four years ago he went to China for 2 months and lets just say it was the worst and somewhat good time because at the time he was in a relationship before we were together (and i was friends with him at the time when I wasn't really in love with him) and there was a ton of miscommunication.. she broke up with him before he went to China, but he didn't know until he came back and broke his heart even though he deserved it from her. Anyway, he got sick in China through emotional distress and even when he came back home, he lost a ton of weight by not eating and had a lot of mental breakdowns... When he met me though, that started to change very slowly, and he slowly started to accept his mistake and accept that that was what happened. He just went to China on Friday Aug 2nd at 6:15am for a good month. This is my first experience being far away from him and really just having ME TIME A LOT. I am not used to that...last time was all the years before I met him haha... We both don't want to feel like we are holding each other back from doing what we want to do for ourselves to be happy. He planned to re-invent himself in China hoping that he will change appearance and action wise when he comes back. So am I. We hope for a better relationship, a better life. However, what I fear is, what he may truly feel like in the end about me and this relationship... reason I say this is because, the night before he left, I was over at his house, we kind of fought and I started it due to feeling fearful of my own thoughts, and he felt kind of hurt by it and kept saying he didn't love me at all and that for the last year he has been trying to regain back that love he had for me... it hurt but it was also very nice to finally hear his honesty (bc he always had a tendency to not tell me things openly). Then he saw that I was falling apart and it wasn't quite fair on both ends... i want to give him that space and time for just himself and at the same time, I want to be with him. So does he, but he says when he's decided he is with me, he feels like he only have to focus on me which is not true. So instead of breaking up, we decided to try our best this month to become newer-better self. I am just anxious that when he comes back, if he realizes solidly that he doesn't love me anymore, or if he comes back loving me more than before. Because he said he doesn't know what love is, but what he feels for me is truly deep and truly cares about me more than anyone and hates seeing me hurt even by him. He also said that he can't let go of me even if he tries just for the sake of having his space because we are that comfortable with each other as well.  I just want some good advice on how to stay calm and not be anxious or worried that he may not communicate with me even though he said he will. It's almost 2nd day and I still haven't heard anything from him...I know google doesn't work in China. We rely on skype majority of the time to call and IM and we just started relying on Kakaotalk and not sure how that will go either...Please, any advice on how you guys worked it out would be really appreciated.P.S. I am sorry if I went off track somehow and that it is long but I hate leaving off questionable details :/ [info] None [info] 1375575746 [info] test
dio_joestar77 [info] I feel like I'm going to die Ok, I don't know how to explain it. Recently, I'm feeling different.  Suddenly I don't feel nervous about the future at all, I don't struggle thinking about life and have calmed down a lot. But now I feel like I'm going to die soon for some reason. I'm really scared of going to sleep because I think I might not come back. I feel like I'm in a nightmare. I think I am going insane, and I can tell this will get worse. I'm feeling spaced out, like my head is empty. I'm posting in this subreddit because I was diagnosed with anxiety,  I take meds and all. But I really don't know what's happening. I'm scared. Please help. [info] None [info] 1514695963 [info] test
Pinklotus22 [info] I am diagnosed with anxiety and a panic disorder. I pass out when in extreme emotional/physical pain. I thought this as well. I really related to Kendra in this episode.  [info] None [info] 1531093973 [info] test
A_Panda_ [info] I have been diagnosed with anxiety and it can be seen in my interactions. But so many people throw around the terms without knowing what is happening. [info] None [info] 1560048470 [info] test
ForgeFinder [info] Do you experience this too? First time posting here. March of 2018 I was diagnosed with anxiety, and have been taking a prescribed medication, lorazepam (.5 mg) a day for the past few months. Months before I was officially diagnosed with anxiety, there was many internal family issues going on, which included my parents ultimate divorce. My major problem with my anxiety is the excessive sweating in my hands and feet (hyperhydrosis). First my hands would get extremely dry and inflamed, then when I would touch certain textures or objects my hands would become hypersensitive and eventually my hands would begin to sweat profusely. For awhile, over summer break, my hands had stopped sweating and all the other symptoms had just stopped. I stopped seeing my therapist, but am still on the medication to this day. So my question is: do any of y'all experience this as well, and what are your ways of dealing with it? [info] None [info] 1546753600 [info] test
nuralina [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety last year and put on Zoloft. It’s helped me manage my anxiety really well. Since finding out I was pregnant, I lowered my dose and things are still ok. Zoloft is supposed to be one of the safer anti-depressants for pregnancy and I’m grateful as it’s helped me so much.  [info] None [info] 1550237484 [info] test
nick_gaga [info] I hate my life I don't know if this is the right place to share, but I think to kill myself seriously. I've been diagnosed with anxiety disorder since 2008 and I'm already 24 and deeply disappointed in life. I've become better with confidence, but I still don't see results. Life is so sad to see other people around me being happy and successful... while I'm alone again and again. I used to be so happy with a guy... but this society judges gay relationships, so I had to stop and when I wanted to resume, he told me he can't move on after what I did to him... I can't express myself without being judged! I even stopped caring about other people's opinions, but I'm still alone... NO ONE approaches me anymore. I hate myself again... NOTHING CHANGED.But I AM IN CONTROL TO MAKE THE CHANGE... With one move I would finally be good enough to the society and myself... My problems will get solved even if the price to pay is be being gone. This is too much. I suffer every day, but finally have the determination to do it. I hate my body again and started cutting myself again. They say that life is good, well their lives ARE good from what I see. It's easy to give advices when you haven't been through it. Before getting old and die and destroy somebody else life in the meantime, I chose to end it soon. Living life with everyday struggles is not worth it after all. [info] None [info] 1539450908 [info] test
microwavedcatfood [info] My family insults me because of a mental illness. Okay, so some backstory. I was diagnosed with anxiety in 2012~2013 and I am absolutely terrified of getting sick. I stopped taking meds a while ago because I was doing better, but that’s not really the point. Anyways, so today my dad was baking some pizza from Papa Murphys. I was sitting at the kitchen table on my phone just messing around, and when it was ready, he poked it with his finger. Yes, that may have seemed insignificant, but to me he just spread millions of germs onto something I was about to eat.Because of that, I chose not to eat the pizza. I don’t want to get sick. I already refused eating it, and decided to just not eat anything so I just sat at the kitchen table still drinking my soda. My dad asked me several times if I wanted any, and of course I said no.What really made was what my uncle was saying. He was talking about how “I’m such a baby, it’s not that big of a deal, it’s all my fault...” and on and on. My dad was agreeing with him, and it sucked. I wasn’t choosing to eat it because I was being picky or stuck-up, but because I don’t want to get sick. I didn’t say anything though, because I knew I would just start crying. What was worse was that when I got up to get some more soda was that my six year old sister told me that I can’t drink it because ‘daddy touched it’, before running away giggling. Needless to say, I left shortly after.Similar things have been happening like that. The day before, I was eating a granola bar when my mom came and hugged me. Her sleeve touched my granola bar, so naturally I didn’t want to eat it. I offered it to her, and when she asked why, I explained. She then got angry at me because apparently I thought she was ‘dirty’, which wasn’t what I meant at all. She didn’t accept my apology.The day before, we had a pizza party for our choir. We could each get two slices, but when I tried to grab one with a napkin (I couldn’t watch my hands beforehand) it broke and I ended up touching it. I didn’t say anything and just tried to grab the second one, so I could only eat that one, but my finger slipped. My friend from behind me said, “What, MicrowavedCatFood, are you like a germaphobe or something?” When I put down my pizza saying I didn’t want it anymore. I don’t think she meant for it to be mean, but it just sucked. My eyes started selling up with tears and I went to leave the room when one of my friends stopped me and asked me what was wrong. I started crying and choked out, “I’m gonna get sick [friend], I’m gonna get sick.” She seemed confused so just hugged me and told me I’d be fine before leaving.I have more stories but I don’t want this to be so long. I’m so angry with my uncle and parents for acting like I’m faking it, or can control it or something. I don’t know how to explain that I can’t control it, and now it’s affecting me social life. Sorry for the rant, but I don’t have anyone to talk too.Tl:dr I am terrified of getting sick and my parents and siblings degrade me because of it, and it’s affecting my social life [info] None [info] 1557026534 [info] test
CautiousMiddle [info] Personally, I feel like I’ve gotten a better grip on my mental health after my first trip. I was diagnosed with anxiety last year and struggled with it a lot before being diagnosed. But my biggest advice would be to make sure you have a strong grip on your mental health before you really consider tripping. Leading to my trip I had already learned to cope with my anxiety to an extent, and felt comfortable enough to take shrooms. I now feel like I have a lot more control over it, and it’s almost suppressed now. [info] None [info] 1529677903 [info] test
Mushubeans [info] I just had my first full-blown breakdown I've been diagnosed with anxiety for a while but I've never had what I would call an "attack". I get sick to my stomach and nauseous a lot but I've never hyperventilated. Earlier tonight I was laying in bed watching Netflix and I thought about going to class in the morning. I have absolutely nothing to worry about, no assignments due, nothing. But yet I broke down completely for no reason. My heart was racing and I was pouring actually beads of sweat. I ran to the kitchen to look in the med cabinet for anything and that's when I started throwing up. I then collapsed crying and stayed there crying and hyperventilating for another hour or so before regaining some control. I'm lying here typing this now because I'm still shaking in fear from what just happened. I don't see myself getting any sleep tonight and I really need some advice on how to cope with this.. I'm going to my therapist tomorrow but as for now, how can I calm myself? [info] None [info] 1367389211 [info] test
starpsy42 [info] [Help] and [Rant]: I feel like I might pass out So I put both [help] and [rant] because I mostly need to just type this out but if anyone has suggestions that'd be nice too!So...I was diagnosed with anxiety at 4 years old and have been suffering on and off ever since. It seems to change "form" every few years (ex: when I was a kid, I would vomit whenever I got anxious; not anymore). So it changed again to this new form and I guess I'm having an anxiety attack right now so I just want to sorta verbal vomit here, since I can't physically do that anymore :PMy problem is I can't read certain things without getting really scared. I'm also afraid of typing this stuff out in case I "make it true"...logically I know that would be dumb, but just in case. I read a "theory" maybe 10 mins ago now that scares me, and as hard as I'm trying to calm down and think rationally, I can't.Basically, I read this thing I can't type out because I'm scared to, and I became horrified if it's true. Like terrified. So I got super warm and now I'm sorta dizzy, but it's like a weird sense of I am detached from the world right now and I'm sorta floating around. And my stomach kills like I would have to vomit but I'm not. Now my head is starting to burn and I'm scared it's a tumor and I'm dying.And I'm trying to read the stuff debunking it to convince myself that it's not true but it's not working. And I have shit to do but I can;t concentrate because right now I'm still feeling floaty and my eyes and mind can barely focus on this thread right now. I don't even know my point just now. Help, anyone, please. TL;DR: I read something that scared me so now I feel light-headed and sick. [info] None [info] 1380844054 [info] test
noobpsych [info] I went through something similar several years ago, where out of the blue, I was paranoid about food and contamination.  I ate very little during the day and would not eat after about 3 pm, otherwise I would be in the bathroom with *various maladies* all night.  In my case, this problem was accompanied by other symptoms, such as inability to relax and enjoy life and panic attacks (though I didn't know them as such at the time).  Eventually, I was diagnosed with anxiety and prescribed an antidepressant and anti-anxiety medication.  The meds helped almost immediately and I stopped taking them a short time after.  Insight into this problem didn't come until much later.  I think the anxiety was a delayed reaction to uprooting my entire life (at age 18) about six months prior to the onset of symptoms.  During the initial transition period I had to hold my shit together (just married, moved cross-country, started college, a new job).  I think that all the stress/fear etc. that I could not afford to experience at the time, came out later and masked as the funky obsessions and fears.    So my questions to you are: 1) are you experiencing any other symptoms? and 2) have you recently gone through a stressful event? [info] None [info] 1430428719 [info] test
youjustwaitandsee [info] November by Tyler the Creator. The song came out months before my mother passed away, in November the same year. 2 years prior, I was diagnosed with anxiety, also in November. I broke up with a beard that I really liked and was left quite heartbroken in November, the year Over the Garden wall released.  Not to mention my dad also died in November 2012. Flowerboy is my part of gaming soundtracks. It relaxes me. I had to make a new playlist and exclude the song from the album. [info] None [info] 1557364141 [info] test
gdubbaya [info] Well.. Now I feel even worse. I'm still doing them even as we speak, but to answer your question, it's because I'm so worried. I have been diagnosed with anxiety so situations like these really put me on edge. I hope my response doesn't spark a negative reply though, as I just genuinely want to know. [info] None [info] 1562008438 [info] test
douchebag_tom [info] I get dizzy, but it goes away when driving or playing a musical instrument. What's wrong with me? As I said in the title, I get dizzy for no reason that I can detect. Sometimes I get nauseous, but never to the point I'm going to throw up. Going for a walk, driving, and playing bass/drums makes it go away. It doesn't make any sense to me. I'm overweight and am terrified that I might get diabetes, so I try to eat earthy and exercise. I've been diagnosed with anxiety in the past, but I don't feel anxious or stressed anymore. I tend to get indigestion a lot and I am fighting off a sinus infection.i know both of these things can cause dizziness, but why would playing music help? [info] None [info] 1358126141 [info] test
antiqueguy19001 [info] Thanks for the very helpful post! It helped a lot reading this, thanks for typing it all out. Anxiety has plagued me my whole life, even at age 5 I didn't leave my house for weeks, scared that the planets would fall! I don't get as many all-out panic attacks anymore (though still some small ones more often), but the constant anxiety that I get about most things is very bad. I was diagnosed with anxiety when I was younger, and want to see a therapist for it, but am scared that they will find a whole new problem with me. My parents told me that I should definitely see one anyway though, because it will make me feel a lot better to deal with my anxiety.As for my lymphoma worry, in the year that I didn't pay any attention to any larger nodes, I didn't worry once, or even feel any swollen nodes. It seems like my anxiety seems to get worse towards the end of the year anyway though, as the days get shorter and colder. I was a little relieved today when I read in many places that follicular lymphoma (the type I have been the most scared about), doesn't occur in it's normal form in people under 20 or 30, only a pediatric version (which is highly curable in almost all cases, unlike the normal follicular lymphoma, which occurs almost only in age 50 or older and is tougher to treat), and even then is only diagnosed around 25 times a year (which I said before). When my anxiety really gets bad though, I will be completely convinced I am one of those people. Luckily my dad made me feel better by showing my a rather large neck node he has had for decades that has been fine, and before he gained a lot of weight, says that he also could feel plenty of groin nodes too. My mom also has some rather large lymph nodes on her armpit which aren't cancer either.I am generally always at my happiest when I don't think about all the things I can't control that could go wrong, such as getting randomly killed by a murderer or drunk driver while walking on the street, or in this case cancer. Most of the time though I am forgetting about all the things that could go wrong, and enjoying myself biking, hiking and overall doing fun activities. It seems like it is late a night when I have most of my worst anxiety. I have never smoked or drank alcohol (or any other drug for that matter), not wanting to risk my health in a preventable way, a more positive side effect of anxiety I guess.Thanks again for the great reply!&amp;#x200B; [info] None [info] 1542253010 [info] test
Ankaaan [info] Anxiety of taking meds Hey buds,I have been diagnosed with anxiety for many years now and gone through several years of different therapies. I have apart from panic attacks, severe health anxiety. I get really anxious about taking all kind of meds, because of how it changes how I feel. I have been adamantly against being prescribed anything due to this, but I was recently prescribed Atarax anyways and I haven't stepped up and had the balls to take it yet. I feel horrible today and I know I should take it, but I just can't force myself to it. Did anyone experience the same thing? How did you get past it?Thanks. [info] None [info] 1474217012 [info] test
chriswha [info] I‘m abroad and can‘t deal with it. Hi r/helpme, so my problem isn‘t as big as many here but I don‘t know what to do.So I just moved to Barcelona for two semester abroad and I was really excited for it. However now I‘m here and I hate everything about it. I‘m scared to go outside alone. I was diagnosed with anxiety and after about a year of therapy everything seemed Fine and I haven‘t been in therapy for 6 months. As soon as I landed in Barcelona it kicked in again.My best Friend came today to visit me and I thozght it would help since I won’t feel alone but thats not the case. I like being alone usually. Today I even thought if there was an accident I could go home without looking like a pussy.Has anyone felt like this before?Thank you ❤️ [info] None [info] 1567550900 [info] test
firespitter [info] I have very similar tics, but also all over my body. When I was diagnosed with anxiety my psychiatrist just assumed that the tics were a manifestation of it, should I look into tourettes as well? [info] None [info] 1471396354 [info] test
amzbeeee44 [info] Yep .. I had many games like this .. I was diagnosed with anxiety and OCD and am now medicated so don’t play them anymore thank god  [info] None [info] 1550331142 [info] test
TheMythicalShelBeast [info] If it makes you feel better, everytime I get settled on a medicine for one thing another comes along and screws it all up. First I was diagnosed with anxiety and given a low dose of cymbalta. I gained 60 lbs on that shot in under six months so they figured I didn't have anxiety and upgraded me to panic disorder. They put me on Zoloft but that opened up the opportunity for my OCD, Depression, and self hatred to rise to the surface so they added a benzodiazepine into the chemical concoction. Then they decided I need two shots and to get my blood drawn for extra testing. I have extreme needle phobia and so they told me I could get one shot in the form of nasal spray. Then of course they happened to be out of nasal spray so I left with three holes. Then we finally get the results after three weeks and they send us to a pediatric gyno who takes one look at my blood work and wants to know how the fuck nobody realized that I have had PCOS this entire time and the meds I was on reacted negatively with the PCOS. So she puts me on birth control but decides that I need more blood drawn. Flobotobitch said, "tiny needle, you won't feel a thing." And pulls out the thickest fucking needle I've ever seen and legit jabs it into my tiny vein. Needless to say, the vein leaked and my entire inner arm was purple for a few weeks. Then they tell us I can't take any of the good medications until I get an ultrasound to see if I have ovarian cysts. But they can't get me in for another month. Meanwhile, I can barely stand up straight because my uterus is swollen and every time I move it pulls on the muscles and hurts like a bitch. Then they say when I get my ultrasound they will prescribe me a two week course of pills that will shred the uterine lining and I will bleed out for a month and then I can take the medicine that will actually help me. But, the shredding overlaps with exams at my school and then my birthday (I'll be seventeen in three weeks) which was supposed to be a camping trip in the middle of nowhere. Meanwhile my personal trainer is putting me on a HIIT circuit and I have to work out four times a week and I can barely fucking move.  Now they want me to get food sensitivity testing done which is more needles and I have been stabbed more times in the last three weeks than in any year in my life. And last night at therapy my psych was diagnosing me with sensory sensitivity and other annoy little conditions. That should be treated by my current meds but aren't. And the other med that should help counter reacts with the birth control I need for the PCOS. FML [info] None [info] 1494055417 [info] test
Zonda71 [info] The aftermath It's been just over 2 years.  I was diagnosed with anxiety several months before he passed, at the time we were about 3 years into dealing with his illness. My anxiety has been significantly worse lately and I've been feeling like life is quite beyond my control. Yesterday I was diagnosed with PTSD. Apparently still thinking often about all of the graphic, gruesome details of the last month of his life, and having the constant internal monologue of "if he was still here..." and "if he was still alive..." isn't good.  My doctor said that they refer to it as being "stuck".  So, new meds,  Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), and more counseling for me.  &lt;sigh&gt; [info] None [info] 1575611711 [info] test
pastelbacon [info] Not a lot of point in responding this late, but I'm a bit emotional to see how many people share the experience of relying on Hitchhikers to get them through bad times. I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder and panic attacks (the humour isn't lost on me there) when I was 17. I had loved the books before then and read them several times, and happened to have the audiobooks on hand too, the versions read by Douglas Adams himself. During the worst period of my anxiety, I found that if I put the audiobook on then the familiar words combined with Adams' voice would calm me down. It could dissipate panic attacks and help me through insomnia. As treatment began to work for me, I needed them less and less, but to this day if I start to panic I repeat the first lines back to myself and it centres my brain. My life has been helped for the better by one man telling me, Don't Panic. I hope your struggles end soon, and it sees you through too.  [info] None [info] 1470374725 [info] test
ashweeeeeeee [info] Is it anxiety? PTSD? Autism? Something else entirely? I have always been shy. When I was a kid, I didn't talk to anyone I didn't know for the first almost 10 years of my life. I was too terrified of it.This of course led to problems and even when I NEEDED to talk to someone, even if I knew them (friends/family/etc), I simply could not do it.I remember going to church and I was in Sunday school. I really had to pee, but I was so afraid of talking to anyone that I couldn't. I ended up hiding behind a chair and peeing on the carpet because I couldn't hold it anymore. I couldn't have been older than 5.My "parents" were not the greatest and have done many things throughout the course of my life that have probably made me much worse.My "dad" molested me, manipulated me and physically abused me. My "mom" manipulated me constantly. She is constantly gaslighting. She has told me to kill myself numerous times and denies it. She is physically abusive and mentally abusive. She held me by my throat over a staircase. She neglected me and refused to feed me or bring me to the hospital when I needed to go. She even threatened to kill herself when I disagreed with her.In school, I didn't talk. I had very few friends and most of those "friends" were my friends because they decided to be and in almost all those situations, they ended up using me.I HATED highschool. I had the same problem with people. Constant bullying and people pretending to be my friend so they could use me.I am now out of school and struggle much more to go about my day.I find no interest in being friends with people and I'm happier when people don't try to be my friend.I think that I often dissociate. I haven't talked to a doctor, but from the research I've done, it sounds like what I feel.I often feel nothing at all and have a very weak sense of self.I have no idea how to explain how I feel.I have a hard time thinking. I feel as though I rarely have "actual thoughts". I don't know how else to describe this. I struggle to make eye contact. It makes me feel extremely uncomfortable and I never know what is enough or too little so I settle for too little. I don't really care about this. People who know me aren't bothered.I have a TERRIBLE memory. I can be having a conversation with my boyfriend and then completely forget the whole thing happened halfway through a sentence.Simple tasks are so hard for me. I honestly cannot understand how other people can do them and not have to take a whole day or more off from everything else just to cope from the energy I have to put out just to do things.I am almost constantly stimming but I'm not sure if it's just from anxiety. I did it as a child and my mom would scream at me for "being psychotic" and so I stopped until more recently again (I'm assuming this is because I recently moved out and my boyfriend is very supportive of my many "quirks").I struggle to sleep. Sometimes I can't get to sleep. Sometimes I can't stay asleep. When I do sleep, my dreams are often very stressful.I have multiple anxiety attacks a day and often shut down afterwards. I'm not able to communicate and if I'm out, I can wander for hours before I realise that I'm lost and I have no idea how I got where I did.I think I may have some anger issues. Something minor can happen and, of course, that means that something has to be thrown. I often have the same anger towards dropping my charger out of reach as I do when I'm arguing with someone.I often shut down for hours or even days when things get too much. "Too much" can be walking by a crying child in a supermarket some days or even just hearing a light buzzing or other small, constant sound on other days. Other days, I am fine with short outings as long as I don't go out often.I can't leave the house often. When I do leave the house, it's with my boyfriend and I am easily overwhelmed by noise, lights and movement.I have days when talking is too much energy and days where everything just hurts. I have read that these could be caused by anxiety.I constantly feel like maybe I'm completely healthy, that this is just how people live and that I just like to complain.Anxiety, autism and ptsd are just what I've found to line up the most...if you have anymore suggestions, I'd love to hear them.I am diagnosed with anxiety so far. So if it's just anxiety, I'm so sorry to other anxious people who go through this and feel like this.I am on meds for anxiety. I went to therapy. Like I said, I just moved so I'll have to find a new doctor and therapist.I just feel like this can't be all. I feel like I struggle too much for there to not be more.Sorry that this post was so long. Thank you for reading it. [info] None [info] 1572990651 [info] test
princesscarmella9 [info] Reverse/Opposite PMDD Disclaimer: Not really PMDD related, but desperate and seeking help.I understand PMDD occurs during the Luteal phase. I experience the exact opposite. Symptoms only during the first half of my cycle. Generally starting around days 7-9, peaking at ovulation (day 14-16), and then tapering off from there. I've noticed this for the last 9 months I've been tracking my cycle using an app.Once I ovulate I feel like a brand new person.Main Symptoms:Mood SwingsAnxiety/Panic AttacksIrritableNauseaLack of AppetiteBloatingConfirmed via: Feel like trash when a Clear Blue Ovulation Test says high estrogen, and feeling the worst the day before or day of my LH SurgeI am diagnosed with anxiety but the difference is night/day during these 7-10 days. Examples:After Ovulation: Have waited in lines over an hourBefore Ovulation: Panic attack when I'm buying 2 items in a short lineAfter Ovulation: Can eat 3 meals a day, even if its slightly greasy or unhealthyPrior to ovulation: Can barely get dry toast downPrior to Ovulation: Severe panic over a blood drawAfter Ovulation: Visited a family member after surgery with zero issues.I've noticed these time and time again. Its even coming to the point that I schedule stressful things post ovulation!So far:PCP: Has never heard of anything like it, brushed off.Pdoc: Suggested upping meds during those 7-10 days Therapist: Thinks I may be creating it by expecting anxiety at certain times of the month.Advice welcome but not expected. I hope maybe someone can relate to me most of all.HUGS [info] None [info] 1545622772 [info] test
veinpain [info] Yes! I've finally been officially diagnosed and am being treated. I first saw a terrible psychiatrist who tried to pin my pain on a past sexual trauma and then attempted to pawn me off on a psychotherapist (with no anxiety treatment). I didn't buy that because of years of imaging and diagnostics from specialists that clearly show a physiological basis for my pain. I wanted help for the severe anxiety I felt as a result of my pain. After that frustrating experience, I had a procedure using conscious sedation. The medication didn't work and I had a full blown panic attack during the procedure. It was horrible and humiliating. Thankfully I was scheduled to see a new psychiatrist right after that who was more willing to listen to me. I was diagnosed with anxiety and given medication to help on a daily basis and one for if I felt an episode of panic coming on (mostly social situations where I fear pain coming on). Just knowing I have it helps. I rarely use it now. I'm just glad someone took me seriously and listens. But, yes, pain and worrying about your pain and its effects can truly cause anxiety.  [info] None [info] 1501860291 [info] test
Bonjour-B [info] Climate change news makes me so overwhelmed, I want to give up on life and lock myself in my room I was diagnosed with anxiety last year. One of the “schemas” that my therapist noticed that I deal with is vulnerability - I have a tendency to believe that I’m always on the verge of experiencing a catastrophe (accidents, financial problems, illness, death, and so forth) and I will have no control over the situation. The thought of the earth dying is very anxiety provoking. Whenever people start talking about how the world is going to end SOON because of mankind’s negligence, I can’t help but imagine myself and my family/friends/neighbors in apocalyptic situations; naturally, I get very distressed. I took an environmental science class a few years ago and it filled me with hope that we could save the earth. Now people are saying that there’s no hope anymore and we need to panic. Hearing stuff like this makes me want to give up on school, my job, my dreams, and my hopes of ever having a family. What would be the point, after all? Am I the only one who feels this way? I know I probably sound irrational...but how should I stay hopeful about the future?TLDR: I constantly fear catastrophic events occurring. How do I manage to keep my sanity when even scientists are saying that we’re causing the end of the world? [info] None [info] 1555997579 [info] test
rightlyanxious123 [info] This is an interesting thread for me because I’m over 90% turbulent. I have been diagnosed with anxiety since I was 8 years old, so yes, I agree to the whole mental illness thing. I’ve been in therapy for many years and I take anxiety medication, but I don’t know if I can ever truly be “healthy” [info] None [info] 1557072746 [info] test
Taylor_Audrielle [info] If I'm diagnosed with anxiety, will that hurt me in two years when I apply? [info] None [info] 1528871336 [info] test
purple_turtle16 [info] Always On The Edge I was diagnosed with anxiety and panic disorder back when I was a sophomore in high school (about 8 years ago). I remember it was July and I was in my room and all of a sudden I was hyperventilating and I started to get all dizzy. At that moment I thought I was going to die. My parents quickly drove me to the emergency room, and waited for about an hour or two before I was seen. After talking to the doctor about what I was experiencing,  she concluded that I was having a panic attack and I should seek a therapist to talk about how to cope with it. Since then I went to the normal meetings with my therapist, but eventually stopped because my mom couldn't afford it anymore. I was doing okay my junior year of high school, didn't have any trouble at all. Then Senior year came, and since then my anxiety has been through the roof. I would get panic attacks at work, going out with friends, even at home just hanging out. I've gone in and out of therapy since I moved out about 5 years ago. Nothing seems to help. I refuse to take medication. I constantly think to my self "Why can't I be normal" Why was I made this way" "I hate myself for being like this" and so on. This past year I started to realize that I've had panic attacks before that incident my sophomore year, I just didn't know what it was at the time. Farthest back I remember having one was probably when I was about 7 or 8. I was sleeping over at my cousins house and I stared to feel chest pains, and shortness of breath, my parents had to come pick me up, I felt better after seeing them pull up in the driveway. (separation anxiety maybe?) Also, I was probably about 9 or 10 and I recall crying because I was having trouble breathing, and everything just felt so heavy, not sure how to explain it, but everything I felt back then I feel almost everyday now. I remember not being able to focus in middle school because I was always on the edge. Especially during tests. I would always have a panic attack during a test, which ended up with me guessing on all the answers just so I can turn it in and get it over with. Sorry this is all over the place. Living with this disorder sucks. Sometimes I think about taking medications hoping it will make things all better, but i'm also afraid that it will make things worse than it is now. [info] None [info] 1541710899 [info] test
DannyWillSun [info] Should I go back to minoxidil ?? Hi guys, long story short I have been using minoxidil (5%) last year for about 4 months (consistently).Although I am 21 years old, I almost don't have any hair or even mustache so I was determined to grow a beard by any means necessary.I noticed a HUGE difference in the fourth month , but unfortunately one day I just had a panic attack ( I though that my blood pressure is becoming down as a result of minoxidil , and that I will die soon)So I decided to STOP the treatement. When I recall that day I become depressed, especially when I see 18 years old boys with a full beard.Should I go back to minoxidil ? Should I try 5% or 2% to avoid possible side effects ?( I am 100% healthy, I didn't noticed any side-effects except some drowsiness in the first month/ I am diagnosed with anxiety that's all) [info] None [info] 1579776665 [info] test
kuhatelyn [info] Yes! I was able to get accommodations all through college. I did need documentation, but if you have a psychiatrist on campus (or through private health) they can do it for you easily. I went through it before I knew what misophonia was, so I was diagnosed with anxiety. It's not too difficult of a process. If you're just open about it and talk about the symptoms you experience during testing and elsewhere, they can document it and send it over to the disabilities office. Once it's sent over you just have to sign some papers and coordinate with them whenever your classes change. At least that's how it was for my university. Good luck!!  [info] None [info] 1474357578 [info] test
mithedthiel [info] I used to work as a barista and was super into coffee until I was diagnosed with anxiety and decided to quit drinking it. (I had to stop pursuing bartending as well because alcohol was also triggering anxiety symptoms).I switched to green tea and it makes a huge difference. A nice zen like awareness, rather than coffee jitters.  [info] None [info] 1547605952 [info] test
do-you-like-darkness [info] I worry too much.  I've been diagnosed with anxiety, and it's been a part of my life for as long as I can remember.  It's exhausting and stops me from doing things I otherwise would.  I hate it.  [info] None [info] 1541041176 [info] test
IHateYouVagina [info] Lol, no I'm fine. My family is just super nosey and invasive and I am being raised by an African american single mother in her early fifties. She never talked about sex much with me and I never had an "official sex talk". I have been diagnosed with anxiety, but it doesn't really affect stuff like this, just social as far as I know. [info] None [info] 1544822906 [info] test
kirbysdreampotato [info] That's crazy. I've had minor versions of that my whole life; seeing bugs that don't exist, seeing something stationary "move", mistaking objects, always far away or out the corner of my vision.I was diagnosed with anxiety last year and I've always been easily stressed, which builds up when everything stresses you out. I always thought seeing small things like that was normal. Never thought it could be connected. [info] None [info] 1547935471 [info] test
RobAlly [info] Similar to me. I've had anxiety for 10 years. I was diagnosed with anxiety. But it wasn't until recently that I realized I have agoraphobia. I've also know that I had it,  just didn't know it had a name.  [info] None [info] 1451284914 [info] test
MaBoiMarki [info] I told my EX about my anxiety I'm 15 and very homosexual for some context.So I was diagnosed with anxiety recently(and I'm getting treatment sorted) Me and my EX are good friends so i asked if i could rant to him because I trust him. So i ranted and he seems annoyed with me and just telling me to "calm down" and "get over it" during a break down. I don't often talk to people about how I feel and now I feel shit because I feel like I have just annoyed him. I love being a burden. And now I'm panicking even more. Please help me! [info] None [info] 1566939118 [info] test
wallflowerintherye [info] Anyone have high functioning anxiety? My studies and work are my life. And since I was diagnosed with anxiety, it's become even more pronounced. I have to work. All the time. I have to take on more, do more, and nothing is ever enough becuase I'm always thinking about how someone else is doing more. They'll get the better job, the better masters program. I can't get over feeling like I'm never enough in the professional space. And it's counter intuitive because the anxiety exhausts me so much that I can't really dive into the work I've taken up. [info] None [info] 1534434110 [info] test
Smitty89 [info] I have been diagnosed with anxiety. I currently take various herbal supplements for it, but is a prescription something I should look into? [info] None [info] 1383775442 [info] test
starshine33 [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety pre-trauma, but I definitely agree that my anxiety has gotten a lot worse since the event. I'll ask my therapist about it, thanks so much :)  [info]  [info] 1552927046 [info] test
femalefaceless [info] yeah i feel so tired all the time. I was diagnosed with anxiety as well and while i try to manage it best i can i do feel tired...psychologically, emotionally and physically.  [info] None [info] 1538146371 [info] test
hiwaomiyazaki [info] I've been diagnosed with anxiety and ADD, but I never talked to my psychiatrist about these episodes because I honestly thought they were normal. Growing up, my mom would have days where she seemed like she was disconnected and on another planet that had delayed reception. I just assumed it was a personality thing. I recently have read some descriptions of people's experiences with depersonalization/dissociating and suddenly, I realized that it's npt a eun of the mill thing!Thank you for responding, I'm definitely going to find out what's going on with my ole noggin. Maybe this is it? If you don't mind my asking, how do you deal with it? [info] None [info] 1480405755 [info] test
SlugHeart [info] Wow this is eerie, I'm going through pretty much the exact same thing. Although I've been diagnosed with anxiety/panic disorder in the past and am currently trying to figure out if what I'm actually going through is more neurological/medical or if it's just my mental illness going out of wack. My Deja Vu/Derealisation just won't stop on some days though, it's been on/off for the better part of this year. Today is one of my "bad days". :( I recently had a CAT Scan, which came back normal, I still need to schedule an EEG. Just wanted to say you're not alone in these symptoms, hopefully we can both find some answers.  [info] Neurontin 200mg/day [info] 1407944026 [info] test
lillyccs [info] Nothing wrong! I’m the same exact way. I have been diagnosed with anxiety, however. I do find it easier to talk to people online rather than in person, so you may just have slight social anxiety.  [info] None [info] 1535062550 [info] test
thoraway1232 [info] Anxiety with gf's drinking (X-Post from r/relationships) My girlfriend (17) and I (17) have been dating for well over a year and a half and its great. I only have one problem.I was diagnosed with anxiety about a year ago, and it isn't a severe case by any means, but it is definitely there. It is by far at its worst when my girlfriend is out without me, and she is drinking. This happens maybe once a month, but it is starting to happen more frequently. Due to what I guess is just bad luck, I cannot go out with her when she drinks. Whenever I try to drink with her, something always comes up, so we still have not together (this is one thing we have discussed to try and help my anxiety in this situation). I know she will not cheat and she never has, but I still get incredibly anxious in the week or so before she goes out. Do any of you have any suggestions on ways to cope with this? I tell her about it every time, and she assures me everything will be ok, but it does not make things any better. TL;DR my girlfriend drinks without me, I get anxious, need help [info] None [info] 1380496322 [info] test
motherbitcher [info] Hey, so I'm not a doctor, but I have dealt with almost the exact same symptoms as you. I was diagnosed with anxiety, and put on a daily low dose regimen of buspar. It's a non-narcotic med for anxiety that is not habit forming or a sedative. Within a week of taking it, the chest pain eased up, palpitations went away, and I felt better overall. I'm not saying this is anxiety for sure, and at 300 pounds, I am a little concerned about your cardiac health, but you might see your regular doc and ask about anxiety. You don't have to feel anxious to have physical symptoms (and the pounding heart/rock in your gut feeling is really common in my experience).Good luck! [info] This user has not yet been verified. [info] 1501981719 [info] test
lalka808 [info] I am just like this too. I've been diagnosed with anxiety and it manifests itself in this way.  I'm not socially anxious either but like you I spend the whole time worrying that I'll loose my alone time.  Recently I've now started to worry about the worrying.  Not nice.  I've always tried to schedule my alone time: plan it and then accept the social times when they inevitably come along if it's not during a scheduled quiet week.  I'm trying to accept that I can't control everything and let it happen.  Sorry I can't give better advice!  [info] [F/33/INFJ] [info] 1441361918 [info] test
opal_ann [info] I've suffered stomach problems since I was in elementary school and in middle school I was diagnosed with anxiety. I attributed any issues I had to my anxiety. It wasn't until I was in university that I tried cutting out gluten and everything was better. I now think that I'd been suffereing from the same thing as a child but no one around me thought it might be because of food. [info] None [info] 1572890662 [info] test
idontknowanymooooore [info] Magnesium! I was diagnosed with anxiety but, really, years later as things got worse it came to light that the blood circulation through my left shoulder was being constricted (thoracic outlet syndrome) due to repetitive stress injury. It caused vague nausea that progressed to anxiety "for no apparent reason." Magnesium did wonders! Massage fixed the rest.   [info] vegan newbie [info] 1437851135 [info] test
dora_not_the_explora [info] During college I went to see my doctor about some stomach pains and breathing problems. She told me there was nothing wrong with my stomach and that it was all in my head, and that I was having breathing issues "because my lungs were resting on my spine and rib cage in a way where a rib would poke my lungs to tell me I needed to sit upright and breathe". Wtf? I was a biology major and took only one anatomy class and knew that wasn't it. I went to a different doctor and turns out I was diagnosed with anxiety and IBS. When I told her about what the last doctor said she had the same "wtf" look on her face I did.Reading everyone's comments, can someone tell me how the hell these kinds of people make it into medical school? And make it past medical school? It genuinely worries me that the med school interview process isn't doing anything to omit these idiots from making it through and potentially killing people from incompetence.  [info] None [info] 1534264057 [info] test
ivapeNyQuil [info] Interesting, I was diagnosed with anxiety and didn’t fall into the “poster child” levels of ADHD but was close. Called it anxiety and told me to read a book and see somebody. It’s been about a year now and I feel like it’s time to revisit that diag:/ thank you for sharing :) [info] None [info] 1528402915 [info] test
WINTER_1S_COMING [info] This is nuts....ever since I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder, I've found myself in constant need of mints as well, tic tacs specifically (white ones :P) [info] None [info] 1396249237 [info] test
Miiaevia [info] I am diagnosed with anxiety and I can say that CBDs help with that immensely. I can't even describe how much. I hate Xanax and almost never want to take it, so having a safer alternative when I need to calm down is huge. While I'm not diagnosed as autistic, I have immediate family members on the spectrum, so i learned a lot of my socialization skills (or lack thereof) from people with autism. Not sure if/how that plays into my anxiety but I can definitely relate to having strong emotions, the way you described. It's definitely a struggle. Don't be hard on yourself when other people judge you, be proud of yourself for navigating through this everyday and taking care of yourself. It's not easy. [info] None [info] 1535808809 [info] test
ModernSocratis [info] I don’t know to be completely honest. I have never experienced ADHD until I was diagnosed with anxiety [info] None [info] 1569333114 [info] test
RobMasterFletch [info] Panic attacks caused by too much magnesium? I am a 22 year old male, about 5' 7", 165 lbs. So some background. I've been dealing with chronic constipation for about a year now. Well a couple of months ago, I was taking milk of magnesia every night for about a month to deal with it. Not until recently did I realize that could cause a magnesium imbalance. Also, within the past month, I've had a couple panic attacks that consist of chest soreness, high heart rate, heart palpitations, numbness in left arm, stuff like that. I was diagnosed with anxiety. Now, last night, I took milk of magnesia for the first time in a couple of weeks to help with some constipation. I pretty much immediately began having panic attack symptoms again. My question: could my panic attacks and anxiety be due to a magnesium/electrolyte imbalance, or was my panic attack just purely a panic attack? [info] This user has not yet been verified. [info] 1438792879 [info] test
fuckingconor [info] Hoping to find some answers: therapy didn’t work The reason I am reaching out for help here is because I have heard Reddit is a good way to get lots of peoples opinions. I also fear that my anxiety will exclude me from many social events in the future as it has done in that past and lead to more problems developing.Background: I am 18 years old, male, 5 foot 4 from the UK and I go to university. I have had one girlfriend for over 1 year now. I have a group of around 10 friends with 2 that I am a lot closer with. I come from a nice household with no immediate problems. I live both at my house and my girlfriend’s house as we live close to each other and always sleep in the same bed at night.I had “self-diagnosed” anxiety from the age of 15 and suffered when it came to parties, exams, women and getting into fights (I never actually got into any, just the thought of getting into it). My mother always used to say that it’s a teenage problem and it will go away as I get other, therefore she got me Kalms sleeping pills as an attempt to calm me down.I finally went to see a therapist at the age of 17 while I was studying at university and this was where I was diagnosed with anxiety. I was told many techniques such as breathing and thinking but they never seemed to help. When I am having a panic attack I try to think of these techniques to this day but nothing works.At this point, I talked to my mother about some stronger pills but the most she could have access to was anti-sickness tablets and slightly stronger sleeping pills.I met my girlfriend when I was 17. I tutored her in the library, when we were in there I was never scared or anxious. However, when I knew that she was talking to other men (as I hadn’t expressed that I liked her yet) it angered me and sent my anxiety levels very high. As we got closer I went to her house and even then I had to tell her that I was frightened and had to go to the toilet often to vomit or breathe. After a lot of work she became my girlfriend and a lot of the anxiousness went away when I was around her in my general life. However, I still to this day have to prepare and get very scared when we go to nightclubs. I have never been once without her and I get frightened when I am not with her (e.g. if she’s at the toilet). For this reason, I have never been out on a “Lad’s Night” with my friends and continue to miss social events with them to the point where they barely know who I am. I do drink with my friends but only really the 2 close friends that I spoke to earlier and this would be in-house drinking.I was driven to write this post due to an event last week. I went to a pub/restaurant in the city centre with my girlfriend, her close friend that I also know very well and my friend that I know very well. I assumed I would be comfortable in this situation as these are people that I am close to, even if I have never been out to a pub before. I was okay and didn’t experience anything except from the odd shiver over the first 30 minutes. However, when I got to my second drink I could not stomach it and kept going back and forward to the toilet. We went to McDonald’s after this as I ruined the night slightly and wanted to get out of the pub (my girlfriend also wanted to leave the pub as the bar staff kept staring at her as they thought her friend was underage). In McDonalds I did not eat, I only drank water. My girlfriend knows I am bad in these situations so she tries her best to calm me down and swing the night in my favour. So after this we went to one more pub and then home. At this last pub I left the table every 5 minutes to either the toilet or outside (even though I don’t smoke). I would hear things in my ear from other people at the pub complimenting my girlfriend or asking if she was actually my girlfriend (this is because she is very beautiful). But this made me panic even more.At this point, I can’t even go to a small social event such as this without making a massive deal out of it. I am known in my group to be a “ghost” and I am rarely invited to events as I will say no anyway. I want to break this habit and be a social butterfly and enjoy all of these events like all my friends do. I don’t want to panic anymore. I have had enough.My anxiety will give me effects based on the situation such as:• Shivering• Vomiting• Complete Loss of Appetite • Sweating• Fear of No Escape• Headaches• Panic Attacks• Loss of BreathThank you to anyone who gives me help, I am in desperate need of help as I haven’t received anything that has helped so far. I am getting older and with time I will be missing more and more social events and potentially missing important career opportunities as I can’t make new friendships or go to work events due to my anxiety also. [info] None [info] 1565127074 [info] test
urbanwolf [info] Do you have a therapist or psychiatrist? It might help to have someone to talk to, and they can also help you figure out what is going on and whether you do have aspergers or possibly another condition. Figuring that out can be beneficial. If you do have Aspergers or possibly something like social phobia there are things you can do to work on your social skills which could help. A therapist/psychiatrist/etc can help with this. You don't have to struggle alone. I also think I might have Aspergers, or something else going on. I'm planning to bring this up to my new psychiatrist when I see her soon. I have been diagnosed with anxiety/panic disorder and social phobia but I feel like there's something more going on. [info] None [info] 1483783878 [info] test
iwasnamedaftera-rock [info] How do I end things with my "boyfriend" with minimal hurt? I (15m) asked this guy (14m) on a date and he told his friends we were in a relationship before we even went out. I knew I didn't like him in that way after the first date was over but I didn't tell him because people were already celebrating (I wasn't sure why at the time). Keep in mind I have been diagnosed with anxiety which I know is not a valid excuse for not saying anything but it makes it harder. I don't do anything physical with him at all except for hugs and really struggle with hand holding because I just feel so terrible for leaving him on.I recently learned he has autism. It explains a lot but now it's an extra layer I don't know how to deal with. I know it was very very wrong of me to lead him on like this so please refrain from commenting on that, I'm here for advice on how to end things peacefully. Any advice? [info] None [info] 1575189729 [info] test
wackylol [info] Lol I actually have OCD and it's never bothered me when people use it as slang because I'm pretty sure anyone with some level of organization obsessiveness actually is a bit OCD. Of course it's only a disorder when it's actually harming your life but the ritualistic side of it still is valid. It's not some hyper exclusive diagnosis.edit: To clarify I have been diagnosed with anxiety. OCD is one of my many symptoms and I have experienced anxiety induced OCD on a very real level to the point of it invading my life. [info] None [info] 1358913312 [info] test
lavender_photos [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety and panic disorder at 12. I had always been an anxious kid but I knew my brain wasn't working right when I, a very academically focused, somewhat popular kid, missed over 50 days of school in 7th grade from panic attacks. I would dread going to school and have such a severe panic attack that I made myself physically ill and had to stay home. Luckily I had amazing teachers, parents, and doctors and I was able to pass and get my shit somewhat together but it is still something that affects me. [info] None [info] 1572658804 [info] test
loserkidtbh [info] Hard disagree. I've been a picky eater since I can remember. It's been linked to my anxiety disorder about trying new foods, texture issues, etc. I will try new food at home, but it takes a bit of working up to it. Also I can't explain to you the anxiety picky eaters feel when they go out to eat with family and friends. I've had to settle for just a water before because I was 2 seconds away from a panic attack if I got food. I know, all this sounds completely ridiculous to you and it sounds it to me too. But, I don't think you'll fully understand a lot of us don't want to be picky eaters. A majority of us aren't doing it to be "cute" or whatever. Anxiety just gets in the way of it. I've dealt with anxiety disorder since a little kid and I was diagnosed with anxiety around age 6? 7? That's also when I became a picky eater. Just give us a break, dude. We aren't harming you at all by being a picky eater. Like I said, a lot of us don't want to be one. We just are trying to push through it like a lot of the other stuff we have to push through.  [info] None [info] 1541764333 [info] test
moni_bk [info] The crack-down on opioids can be really unfair to those who legitimately suffer from chronic pain. My mom has suffered with trigeminal neuralgia, has had ovarian cancer, and has fibromyalgia. She has a hell of a time getting medication to treat her debilitating pain. The pain is so bad sometimes she throws up. She's tried everything natural, acupuncture, holistic medicine, and just about every medication possible. She's seen dozens of doctors and had numerous different treatment therapies. The only thing that helps is pain meds. Which she has been addicted to and has gotten clean many times over the course of my life. If she hadn't been able to get pain meds I am certain she would have killed herself a long time ago. It's a shame that something that exists to help people is restricted so much that even people that need it have extreme difficulty getting it. I understand that it's over-prescribed and that we have an opioid epidemic, but people who really need it end up suffering because of this crack-down. I don't know what the answer is really. This is also happening with anti-anxiety meds as well. I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder and take Xanax on occasion to help. I probably only use 30 pills every six months because I actually don't like taking it. I hate feeling spacey and sleepy. However, just knowing I have a prescription cuts down my anxiety in general. I have a terrible time getting this prescribed. Years ago my anxiety got so bad I ended up in the hospital legitimately thinking I was going to have a heart attack. Obvious disclaimer, this in no way suggests that killing people to get meds is ok. [info] None [info] 1501521923 [info] test
Lost_in_redditland [info] Thank you for commenting. I have been having sleep issues for sometime but it hasn't been this bad since when I was diagnosed with anxiety in 2013. I just was super scared with the suicide ideation because that hasn't happened in such a long time and now that these intrusive thoughts are popping up, I thought I need to write it out somewhere. Reddit has been a lot of help, I made this account in 2012 when I had my breakdown and although I used to post a lot more on my throwaway, the main account reminded me that I was lost and it was okay to be lost. Anyways, I just need to make sure that the part of my brain that is trying to cope is just a little stronger than the part that is trying to drown out any feelings. It feels good to be able to completely honest about what is going on with me. Since I could not sleep last night, I tried listening to a sleep podcast/story on youtube and it did work! Maybe that could help you too. [info] None [info] 1499169637 [info] test
mr279 [info] Sharing some stuff after years of struggling with anxiety disorder Hello r/Anxiety,TL/DR - tips for getting through a panic attack are after lines like this:________________________________________________________If you need help calming down, or any questions, message meI know there are a lot of people there who do not know what to do, are scared to make any actions to get help, or even tell anybody about how they feel. I have been there, and I would like to share my story, so you can see that it is not scarry at all - fear is very strong enemy, loosing a couple of battles doesn’t mean that we are weak - it just mean, that the war is not over yet. English is my second language, I will try to be as grammaticly correct as I can, but sorry for mistakes in advance.I have been diagnosed with anxiety disorder five years ago, after having a „heart attack” while sitting on a lecture as a freshman in college. Suddenly I experienced a warm feeling in chest, not a pleasant kind, pulsating from what I thought was heart, down my spine, then up again. My muscles forced me to straight my back, I felt like I was going to puke, cold sweat appeared on my palms and forhead. It forced me to leave the building, everyone was starring at me, I thought I will fall, lose consciousness, die, everything. I called my father as quickly as I could find a place where I can sit alone and calm down, thanks God for that bench and park. He answered, luckily he was in a car, then after 30 minutes he picked me up. Worst 30 minutes of my life, was starring at a green grass, trying not to puke or die, but slowly I was calming down and feeling better. Boy, I wished I know what a panic attack was back then.After checkout with my regular doctor, monitoring my heart and a long talk, he recommended going to a psychologist. So I did. Couple sessions, couple hundred zlotys later (our currency), havent experienced it ever since, plus those sessions felt like a waste of time and money. But she told me one important thing - that might have been a panic attack - so of course I googled the hell out of it and suddenly it started to make sense. I decided to go to a psychiatrist, because I did not really take the psychologist seriously. Then I was diagnosed, he prescribed me sertralin, afobam and something to help me sleep - I cant really remember what, I wasnt using that because it made me feel drowsy almost whole next day. First week was awful, was feeling nausious all the time, tired and sleepy. Of course the only person who knew about my anxiety was my dad, but we did not really talked much, so I was alone with that. My friends started asking if everything was ok, and I lied to them, but I am sure they know something is up. That was my first big mistake. I am not telling you that you should tell everybody - pick one, maybe two people that you trust, you will be surprised. They will not laugh, they will ask questions. And if you answer those questions, I promise you will feel better. What is most important - they will try to stop triggering your anxiety attacks by avoiding certain topics, and when you will experience another attack, and you will, they will know what to do to help and you will calm down quicker. After couple of months with sertraline they switched me to pregabaline, lorazepam and another funny medicine that worked like xanax - beware, they are addictive, and will do more damage than help if not used properly. Be honest with your doctor, tell him if you fell you are getting addicted.After years, I am not afraid of attacks anymore. I can recognize them, I know the pattern, know my triggers, somehow I can get through. ________________________________________________________There are some tips for all of you struggling just like me:________________________________________________________- know your triggers -   Do not be afraid to think about your last panic attack. Analyze it, write down where it happened, what happened before that, write down what have you done that day, how did those actions made you feel, morning till falling asleep - the devil is in the details, you will not see it just by thinking about the day, but when you write things down, it will become obvious.- recognise the pattern - How panic attacks makes you feel? For some people it is nausea, you have to sit next to the door at public places because you are worried you might puke - and that is okay. Sit next to the door. Look at the door, remember you CAN ALWAYS LEAVE, WHENEVER YOU WANT. Nobody can force you to stay. If you need, leave, calm down, come back. Get some plastic bag and keep it with you - you will be calmer. Tips - look at the celing, count breaths (in - one, out - two, in - Three, out - four, to ten, then repeat) Ginger is your best friend, ginger tea always with you when you go out, little sips, even the smell helps.Sometimes it feels like you are about to lose concioussness, fall on the floor - think about that - your heart is pounding, like 200 bpm right? You can’t pass out when you are in high alert mode, you got plenty of oxygen, adrenaline pumping through your veins. Tips - sit down, with legs spreaded and hands freely on boths sides. Look at something a little bit above you, focus hard. What shape it is? What color? How old is it, start naming the things you see - like looking at bird - „I can see feathers, dark brown, little bit of white at the belly. It is small, two bright colour legs, little black eyes.” - name as many things you can, you quickly will be better. Other tips that worked for me:- pray. I am not a religious person, but repeating mantras is proved to help you calm down, the best for me is praying for someone - I focus on people I love, then pray thinking about them. It reminds you that you are not alone.- count breaths, from one to ten (not really working for me, but I know that it works miracles for some people)- meditate. Lay down on your bed, hands on both sides, get your phone and search youtube for „guided meditation”, choose one that you like and just listen, I promise you will be surprised and quickly hook up. I use phone app „headspace” and it is good for starting- try to put yourself in happy places, funny situations. Watch a comedy. Read a light book, watch videos with funny animals, sports bloopers, stay positive.- when feeling uneasy, worried, call someone. You will experience a panic attack, but if you are not alone, you can talk or just listen, you will recover faster - smells are your best friends. Buy a cologne you only use while at home, (best for me are wood, oud fragrances - nice pick is „by the fireplace” Mason Margela) when you feel calm and safe. After a week/two, start to carry around small bottle of that scent and whenever you start to feel worried - spray a little bit on you wrist and smell it - you will pavlov yourself to feeling safe.- avoid alcohol. It makes you feel better. It calms you down, you are finally relaxed, god bless. But every beer, shot, glass will make your next attack stronger and worse. It makes you depressed in a long run, plus, when you have anxiety, hungover is literally hell for you. Have a glass of wine, beer with friends, but watch yourself. - drugs can be your worst nightmare, especially shrooms, LSD and marihuana. Not telling you how to live, but think what bad trip is when you add a panic attack to it. Try to use CBD instead of THC, it helps with nausea and may fix your sleeping problems.- sleep a lot, wake up early and avoid sitting at night. - do your chores, whatever is going on with you, wake up, take a shower, clean a little bit, dress up niecely, put on cologne and deodorant, eat small breakfast, even a piece of bread - then you can go back to bed if you need. But do it, trust me. - talk with me. If you have any questions, need someone who will help you calm down, send a message. I am not always here, but will answer as soon as I can [info] None [info] 1587400653 [info] test
Dokii [info] Unfortunately for me, I was unable to join. I tried to join the Navy and was declined by MEPS. I wanted to join and still would love to, but it's no longer an option. Kind of a story in itself honestly; the only reason being that I had one therapy appointment a few years back and they didn't like that. I never took medication, never was recommended for another doctor. I was diagnosed with anxiety, however I believe it was just typical teenage bullshit. Anyway, that got me declined unfortunately, so I'm going with my only other option for an advanced career and that's college. [info] None [info] 1378412166 [info] test
CyberCrap [info] I'm so tired. I cant with my anxiety anymore.Ever since I was diagnosed with anxiety a few months ago I feel like it's been getting worse, I swear sometimes I feel as if I cant even breath right, I'm so scared to just even go to sleep cause I fear not waking up, I have to wait till I'm so tired that I can't even think to go to sleep. Recently just even throwing up from eating something that was bad makes me scared for my life even though I accept that it's nothing. Being alone scares the shit out me, at school my anxiety attacks would be cured by my friends but since moving that hasn't been an option and I'm not the best at making friends. Sometimes I think things are happening that really aren't. I try to distract my self but it only works for a bit, I just want to be able to live and fall asleep without worrying excessively, and be able to watch or read the news without having a panic attack because I think the world is ending. I just wanna be able to do things. And focus on school and my dreams. I haven't been to a therapist since I got diagnosed but I plan to see one as soon as school starts. tl:dr, my anxiety is really bad recently and I just wanna cry. [info] None [info] 1566792686 [info] test
mathilda420 [info] I could have written this myself about 2 years ago. I didn't actually understand what death really meant until I was 24 - noone in my life had ever died. But in the space of a month my grandpa died, 2 of my friends' mothers both died and a guy who I used to volunteer with died too. All of them were sudden. I was already going through a lot and this totally messed me up. I was like you and unable to understand how people were able to live knowing they might die at any second. It was around this time I was diagnosed with anxiety (lot of other stuff happened at the same time.)Now though, the knowledge that I am going to die one day makes me feel peaceful. It gives my life more meaning than it had before and things are more beautiful and special than they were before. I'm just so happy that I'm alive. I make the most of my time.It didn't take me long to deal with it, a couple of months, but it was hard. But the thing that REALLY brought me peace was getting out amongst nature and the realisation that I am so insignificant in the grand scheme of things, but still a part of the world. I was standing by a river under this huge tree and all these birds were singing and there was so much life all around me. It was beautiful. And I thought "it doesn't matter if I die, all of this will still be the same. The tree will still be there, the water will still run by, the birds will still sing and the grass will still grow." It just really struck me, and I just felt so much better about death after that. I'm like you, in that I have a knack for science but also a very spiritual side. Getting out in the natural world really reconciles the two and gives you perspective.This might not be what helps you, everyone is different, but it's an example. I don't agree with people when they say "don't think about it and just ignore it." It's not helpful, and I think truly accepting and coming to terms with your own mortality really gives you a different, much better perspective of life! Ignoring that doesn't fix it. You are totally not alone in this, if you want to talk or anything, feel free to PM me. I know how scary it is, but it's amazing when you get out the other side. :)  [info] None [info] 1368207586 [info] test
uselessat50 [info] Beta blockers instead of Xanax? I want to stop taking Xanax because I've given up opiates and alcohol and want to be clean. I was diagnosed with anxiety 20 years ago and started out with Valium and slowly worked my way up to 8 mg/day of Xanax. I'm currently down to .5 - 1 mg/day. I was at my doctors today and told him about my desire to stop and he suggested propranolol for my anxiety. Has anyone heard of this or should I find a new doctor?! [info] None [info] 1475540390 [info] test
throw-away_today8 [info] Does CBD oil work for anxiety? I was diagnosed with anxiety (GAD) 7 years ago and have managed it pretty well myself. I take 1-2 Ativan a year but that's it. Last week I was struck with the most horrible anxiety I've ever had times 2. I went to the ER because I thought I was having a heart attack. They said my heart looked good and that I was physically healthy. It's just anxiety. I took Ativan for 4 days and then suffered a severe 48 hour headache coming off of it. Now the anxietys back and I'm back at work. I live in a state where cannabis is legal. I'm not interested in getting high. But there is CBD oil with only 0.3% THC and if it relieves anxiety with no side effects like benzodiazepines have then I'm interested in trying it. Does anyone have any experience with it for anxiety? Thanks. [info] None [info] 1488310345 [info] test
Deadmanjustice [info] I'm extremely stressed out from many things this week, and something as fragile as CFW is not something I should be touching right now. I mean I am diagnosed with anxiety disorder, unmedicated, and very stressed from  multitude of very serious things.When I calm down in a week or two I plan to update my CFW to A9LH+Luma, but for now I just wanna know if it's safe to update my emunand so I can play Dragon Quest. [info] None [info] 1473815799 [info] test
masscool [info] I'm on medication. I've been diagnosed with anxiety for 9 years now, it just acts up worse sometimes [info] None [info] 1385238347 [info] test
Wannabe_Iceman [info] Anxiety causing anger towards close friends (17 M) So I was diagnosed with anxiety a few months ago. Occasionally I start listing all these things that my best friend does that makes me mad. She's a girl and I'm a guy and I feel like she's my best friend. Unfortunately when I say these things it really hurts her feelings and makes her want to stop talking to me. Is there anything I can do to calm myself so I don't go off on one of my rants? I really value our friendship and don't want to lose her [info] None [info] 1463499600 [info] test
