LocolBiped [info] I'm not suicidal, but I'm starting to feel trapped and desperate.I'm not quite sure how to formulate my thoughts, so I guess I'll just ramble through.I'm 29, I haven't had a real job in 6 years, I've survived off of the good graces of a string of women.  I have 2 friends, neither of which could be considered social creatures, so I don't see them very often.When I was 18, I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder.  After a few years the shrink decided that wasn't it.  I was re diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, that didn't stick either.  I display some of the symptoms, but don't fit into the profile of either of these illnesses.At that time, I was a true asshole, I lied and cheated to get what I needed. I alienated all of my friends. A number of them, now 10 years later, can't even bring themselves to talk to me, and I completely understand.A bad LSD trip completely changed my world, I developed severe panic disorder, locked myself in my room for hours at a time, terrified that someone would see me like this.  I got very, very desperate.  I went to any church I could find, looking for a solution to an overwhelming problem.  After some time I joined AA of all places.  Now, I had never been an alcoholic, but the kindness of the people in those rooms helped me considerably. I worked the steps, had a sponsor, and was surrounded by caring friends, even though I didn't have the requisite disease, those steps helped me, I began to see what a nightmare my life had been.  I began telling the truth, being gentle with people I loved, and standing on my own two feet, I got an IT job and began paying my bills (a first)As a result of working with that program, I eventually came to the point that I had to be honest with myself.  I had never had a drinking problem, rarely drank more than one drink at a time.  Leaving AA was a very difficult decision, but I couldn't continue living a lie.Things went well for a while, after a few years, I fell in love with a woman.  This turned out to be an incredible unfortunate event.I'll not go into details, as this post is getting to long as it is.  Suffice to say that the day I left, she got really drunk, smashed all the furniture in the house, called the police while I was sleeping to tell them that I did it, made a bath for herself and fell asleep in it.I woke up holding my 6 month old daughter with police flashlights shining in my eyes.  They were very, very kind to me.  And belived that she had been the one to do the damage. (Probably abetted by the fact that the police found her so drunk that she couldn't get out of the bathtub.)I left that night.Which brings us to today.  I have half time custody of my now 2 and a half year old daughter.  She is the light of my life.  I have an amazing partner who believes in my ability to pull myself together, and is wonderful with my child.But I think I need some help.I have no motivation, I've gained 60 lbs.  I am wracked with fear. No panic attacks anymore, just general dread.  I've developed in to a full blown hypochondriac.  Believing at any moment that I have cancer, or heart disease, or a million other things.  I can't seem to stick to any of my goals.  My day consists of reading reddit on the weeks that my daughter isn't here, and watching her on the weeks that she is.My world seems to be shrinking.  Bad decisions made when I was young (I have an arrest record, no convictions) keep me from taking any job that requires a background check. And any IT jobs seem to do that now.  I'm afraid things are getting worse. I'm terrified of going to sleep, knowing that more than half the time I'll just lay there and tremble in fear of a non existent malady, or shit on myself for not being where I thought I would be.I have everything I could possibly want, a new car, a warm house, money in the bank, a daughter who takes my breath away, an understanding and beautiful partner who has seen me go though it all (we've been friends for 10 years) and believes in me.  I just want to learn how to stand up again.  How to realize my goals again.    I've lost my faith in shrinks, having a string of several bad ones who seemed to just want to test their pill prescribing abilities.Thanks for listening, I really needed to get that out there. [info] 1240597428
craider [info] I have a few ones I guess.I was married with a kid and I met up with several guys on craigslist.. (Me and my wife were going through a very difficult time and weren't living with each other at the time; we are no longer together.) She is the only one in the world that knows this. When I am around my friends I put on a front like I hate "fags" just as much as them when I'm 99% sure im bi. I'm also pretty sure that if even my best friends found this out they would disown me.When I was a teenager I used to constantly watch child porn. I'm 20 now and still watch it on occasionThis one my family and friends know about but I tried to commit suicide by overdosing on sleeping pills, I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder but I felt the diagnosis was bullshit so I stopped taking my prescribed meds and starting smoking weed instead.My biggest fantasy is to see my wife (ex) have sex with another guy (and trust me, my wife is fucking gorgeous, and two years younger then me.) I have brought this up several times with her but while not totally freaking out and calling me a pervert she has very firmly informed me that this will not be happening. [info] 1255334576
ngngboone [info] I'm a musician, and I was actually kind of excited when I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder (after an acute psychotic episode). I thought "Oh cool, now I could be some kind of crazy genius", and it was good at the time to have a nice thought like that and have a "bright side" to think of. But since time has gone by, and I've gotten a little perspective on it, I don't think it helps me, and I definitely wouldn't keep it if I had the choice. [info] 1255992562
pipyopi [info] I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at the age of 13. I went on various medications, some made it worse, some did nothing, some made me emotionless, and some worked, but not enough. Eventually, I began self medicating, attempted suicide more than a few times, and was eventually hospitalized. I was only there for a week when they found the perfect prescription for me.It was a combo of lithium and lamictal (lamotrogine). It worked for awhile, until the lithium started giving me problems (i was on it once before and it made me incredibly depressed).Now I take 100mg of Lamictal once a day, combined with the only therapy that has ever been effective for me (writing). If I miss a single dose, I turn into a manic monster. I still go through phases (I am currently in a depressive phase), but they are no longer as intense.Its not completely figured out, I still struggle with it nearly every day, but it is not seriously impairing my life anymore. I have been clean for 4 years, am no longer self-destructive, and I haven't lashed out at anyone in a very long time.It seems that medication, some form of therapy, a proper diet, and exercise is the proven method. (Although I'm still working on the whole exercise thing).What are you doing/taking for it?Also, what are the main problems it causes for you? [info] 1256238352
phranticsnr [info] It doesn't make me happy. I have smoked marijuana, had a bit of fun, but earlier this year I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Weed is BAD! [info] 1258021142
Hotbutteredhtml [info] Glad to hear that all is well. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder several years ago. The one piece of advice I can give you is to stand by her side. The will come a day when she will think that she no longer needs to be on medication and will want to quit. I went through just that and did. I ended up leaving my family. Luckily my wife loved me enough to take me back and I've been on my meds since and never been happier. [info] 1262221877
