JeebusWept [info] Also, when I was 22 (I'm 28 now) I met a woman over the internet, she was 9 years older than me. I went to her place and we got it on, and we ended up in a relationship and living together. I should interject at this point that she was completely nuts. Like batshit, insaniac nuts. Anyway, time went on and we ended up having 2 kids together. Our relationship was dead in the water by the time my second kid was born. We went to counseling, etc but it wasn't happening for us anymore. We hadn't had sex in 6 or seven months and basically all she did was yell at me, and sometimes became violent and mentally abused me. I used to feel physically ill at the thought of going home from work. She wanted me to do all the housework in *addition* to working 15 hour days as a forklift driver - I was whoring overtime like a mofo just to make ends meet, not that I minded it was better than being at home.(I had left college to work to support them at this point.) She started to put on weight. She tried to turn my own family against me, my mother and father and brother, and became violently frustrated when they called her on her bullshit. She was trying to isolate me, break me. One day I came home from work - the kids were in the living room, alone (one three, one less than a year) and she was in the bedroom masterbating with a vibrator. She said she needed satisfaction and I couldn't give it her. I was completely distraught, I love my kids more than anything, but I had a vision of this misery stretching on and myself becoming a shell, a wretched, grey, shuffling man. I was diagnosed with depression and medicated. I started losing weight and got ill a lot.I had started watching porn for release, maybe because of the depression, I don't know. I got them from a guy I worked with. One day, for a joke, he gives me a tranny one in an opaque blank case, the disc itself had the printing on, some fucking ladyman with a big dick rubbing it. Sick stuff. Anyway, the next day I left it on the kitchen worktop while I showered before work, I wanted to give him it back, it was 6 AM, usually my ex and the kids got up around 8, but this particular morning my daughter, the elder one, got up, went in the kitchen and found the DVD and started playing with it in the bed next to my ex. Needless to say my ex discovered it and went fucking ballistic, hitting me when I was in the shower. Fair enough to be honest. She had a history of never letting things go but for the first time she felt like she had the upper hand - I'd actually done something instead of her over-inflating trivialities. She told all my family and friends that I was into tranny porn and basically painted me as some kind of demented sex case.I have never felt so alone.At this point I spilled my guts to a work colleague, whose response was simple - "Get out of there". Her instability around me was starting to damage the kids.So I did. I got an overdraft at the bank and used it as a deposit on a one bed flat in town. The day I told her she threw all my stuff in the street, punched me, hit me with a fishing rod and tried to destroy my passport. I kissed me kids goodbye and left.This was two and a half years years ago.I stopped the depression meds, I went back to university, finished my degree and I'm now in a good career in purchasing. I have a new girlfriend who is normal. I've put weight back on.I haven't seen my kids since then. I'm starting legal proceedings soon. The eldest one started school last month. My ex also doesn't let me parents see the kids, which upsets my mother.This is the most shameful thing I have to carry.I love you J &amp; R. [info] 1220702122
jemminger [info] &gt; I have been diagnosed with depression by two different doctors, and went to therapy in the past. I am way too shy and way too paranoid to tell them anything personal, and will only answer questions very generally.You need to trust that the therapist is there to help and not judge, and that it is all confidential.  If you can't vent to them and have them help then you won't move past it. [info] 1240242015
roxm [info] After reading the DSM entry for borderline personality disorder, I had a moment of clarity, and everything I've been going through for the past five years makes sense -- the disillusionment at work, apathy at home, feelings of general worthlessness, etc.I've been diagnosed with depression before and I'm on medication to help with that, but the fact that the DSM entry for borderline fit me so well gives me pause.  I see that there's a lot of groups available for *families* of those with BPD, or children... but not a lot for the individuals themselves.What's out there?  What do I do? [info] 1241921384
horacevsthespiders [info] Thanks for the props re username!  To answer your question though, probably lowest point in my life so far.  Met a girl almost 4 years back.  She was pregnant by 7 months into relationship.  Moved in together, my son is now 2yrs 7mths and we are splitting up.  Also, last week I was diagnosed with depression, probably since my teenage years, and definitely the reason I'm a nightmare to live with. Situation not helped by being made redundant a year ago.  It's all a bit dark here. [info] 1245775192
jruderer [info] I was diagnosed with depression and I know where you're coming from... but dude, relax.What you said is absolutely correct and you seem to have the best intentions, but there are better ways to get the message across than to become defensive and prickly. I don't know about anyone else with depression, but I don't want you advocating for me if that's the face you're going to put on us all. [info] 1248325045
aloofus [info] &gt;When did you start drinking?I guess the first time I drank was only about a year ago, but it's increased pretty substantially since then. I've been drinking heavily since I got a solid connection, about a month ago, but I drank as much as possible until then.&gt;How much do you drink?Well, I try and keep it down, but maybe a gallon or two of 80 proof vodka a week.&gt;Well, my reasons are generally petty and small. I was diagnosed with depression a few months ago, is probably the correct answer. I also have a very strong family history, if you buy that sort of thing.&gt;How does it affect your life?Not at all, is the reason I haven't forced myself to quit. I wait until my parents are asleep, and anything I have to do is done. I'm very good at preventing/dealing with hangovers. [info] 1253599869
HBOXNW [info] All the time, although I have been diagnosed with depression so it comes with the illness. [info] 1254142728
pi3832v2 [info] No, people who can manage to follow a healthful diet aren't being drained by the difficulties of dealing with depression.I was diagnosed with depression10 years ago.  Last week I was diagnosed with diabetes.  There is simply no way I'm going to be able to manage both.  My only choice now is whether I die from diabetes accidentally or on purpose. [info] 1254837731
PortConflict [info] I was diagnosed with depression in my early 20's, and this is something I've always thought about doing. Taking the plunge this year and looking to grow something large. Any suggestions on moustache styles? I've never grown one before...  [info] 1257139846
jesster114 [info] During high school I was diagnosed with depression and AD(H)D and tried a whole bunch of different anti depressants with no effect. Then I got put on an antipsychotic, [Zyprexa](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olanzapine). I gained about 30 pounds in a month. After stopping that, I got prescribed [Desoxyn](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desoxyn), otherwise known as meth. Within 3 months or so I lost all the weight I put on. Fun times. [info] 1258657812
unshifted [info] You *completely* missed the point of my comment. Psychiatrists like to give the impression that their methods are some finely tuned machine, but in reality it's playing the piano with a sledgehammer, and even that might be generous.If someone has thyroid cancer, doctors will give that person radioactive iodine. That's because the thyroid cells are the only cells in the body that ingest iodine. They ingest the iodine, then get killed by the radiation. Doctors understand the problem, they created a way to treat it, and they know exactly how it works. They also understand the side effects associated with giving a person high doses of radiation, and they understand *why* those side effects come about.In psychiatry, if I'm diagnosed with depression, they have some theories as to what might be causing it, so they just start putting me on drugs that change brain chemistry in some way or another. Then they wait a while to see if any of those drugs put me in a trance light enough that I can still function somewhat normally. Those drugs don't actually treat the problem. They just mask the symptoms for a while.Then, if none of their drugs is working, they connect me to a wall socket and induce seizures. Why? Because in the old days, they liked to make people with mental problems convulse. It was their treatment at the time. Then they found out that occasionally this has helped people get over their problems.I never said it's ineffective. Even if it works 100% of the time, the lack of understanding is frightening. Keep in mind that this is the same field that was using prefrontal lobotomies as treatment for depression *40* years ago. [info] 1258728729
bitspace [info] Not necessarily practical advice for something concrete to do going forward, but a little perspective that has helped me along in such circumstances: you're in good company. Most or all of the most brilliant people throughout history have been crazier than shithouse rats.This is more practical advice: get over it.I know, I know... how can anybody offer that as advice for somebody who is clinically depressed? I'm 40 years old. I was diagnosed with depression at the age of 14. I went through various stages of treatment and medication for most of my life. Then, suddenly, around the age of 36, I just snapped out of it. I weaned myself from zoloft (what an experience that was, holy brain snapping batman) looked around at my life and realized that I don't have it as bad as I've always thought I did.I occasionally have the fear that I might sink back into the darkness, but I can't and don't dwell on that because I think that would end up something of a self-fulfilling prophecy. [info] 1259337178
ScaredyGuy [info] I was diagnosed with depression but I don't know if it was technically "major" or "minor".  I have always struggled with some form of depression though, yes. [info] 1259989678
Quetz23 [info] Heh, at first I hid it from them, but after years of basically being denigrated to "Non-human" you tend to show signs.  At first they tried to advise me- my dad taught me how to physically fight back, while my mom tried to teach me to fight back emotionally.  After awhile I was diagnosed with depression, and after talking to my teachers who insisted nothing was going on, they went to the school board who said the same thing- It all ended when my dad got into a shouting match with the head of the school board and almost killed the guy and I ended up in a private Christian school.The funny thing is- as much as I dislike Christianity, I was treated as an equal by everyone, if only their religious dogma didnt produce so much hate for non-christians... [info] 1260570627
