emheybug [info] Obsessive thoughts/ I've been diagnosed with anxiety pretty much my whole life. Back in February I had 3 days of the worst panic attacks of my life and then I started obsessively thinking that I was being spiritually attacked by the devil for about 12 days. I literally was getting sick, throwing up, not eating, etc. I had relief for about a month and then it started up again. It has gotten to the point where I was having intrusive thoughts about killing myself and feeling as if I am fighting my brain. I'm not sure if this is OCD or not. I see a doctor and she said it's possible, but there's no real clarification from her. (just my primary care doctor)She put me on Zoloft and I've been taking it for about a month. I upped to 50mg around 2 weeks ago. I see some improvement with my thoughts (no longer thinking about harming myself) but I'm still obsessing over the devil + God. Anyone here take Zoloft and does it help with your unwanted thoughts? [info] None [info] 1555697180 [info] test
snowcroc [info] Medicine making symptoms better but causing excessive burping. So here is the story.It started when I was conscripted into the army, I lost a ton of weight and became fitter and then the constipation started. It was bad.At first I went to GPs but they just gave me probiotics and laxatives, none of which really worked. So I went to a specialist who after a round of medicines that did not work sent me to get a colonoscopy and a endoscopy. Both came out clean.He then put me on some probiotics and tirmebutine malate. This did improve the symptoms somewhat, although not perfect, I do tend to have more regular and easier to pass bowel movement. Although it still feels like an incomplete evacuation.However, it feels like this is causing me excessive gas. Sometimes I do feel bloated, but even if I am not, I am constantly burping. I have this uncomfortable feeling of trapped air below my sternum and keep burping. Like 5 time a minute for the whole day. I am not exaggerating at all.Some things you may want to know.I generally have lousy sleep because I am a guard in the army and have to do four hour shifts round the clock.I eat healthy and maintain an active lifestyle.I was diagnosed with anxiety when I was 17, but had no symptoms then. This started when I was 19. I am 20 now. [info] None [info] 1417375315 [info] test
mwtruro [info] That's your fight or flight response kicking in without a trigger. I have generalized anxiety and a panic disorder. The slow-mo is from the panic disorder when my fight or flight goes off without a trigger. It's happened to me doing laundry, walking in to a room, all kinds of mundane stuff that does not justify the response. The first time it happened, I was 10 and it was accompanied by some auditory hallucinations (an overwhelming buzzing noise). I didn't know it was anything not normal and always just thought it was something cool my brain could do. Wasn't until I was diagnosed with anxiety that we figured out what that was too. [info] None [info] 1566045075 [info] test
especi4lly [info] What’s wrong with me? 19F , around 130lbs , 5’2” For the past few months I’ve been having really bad headaches and pressure in my head that makes my head feeel so heavy. It’s almost a constant feeling, but sometimes will go away for a little.  It sometimes almost comes with a dissociative feeling as well.  When I lay down the pressure gets worse as well and can make sleeping a bit annoying. I find that during my period the headaches get worse as well and the pressure. I also recently have been tracking my heart rate because I’ve noticed while working out my heart rate would increase up to 190 while using the elliptical which I thought seemed a bit to high. My normal heart rate is anywhere from 60-85 laying down but when I stand up it can increase up to 120 sometimes even higher and then just moving around and walking around my house it increases to 140. I notice I generally feel a little fatigued ALL the time and dizzy here and there as well. I find standing up straight for long periods of time uncomfortable as well and make me feel kinda out of it and make me feel like I just need to sit down. Standing in the shower is also SUPER dreadful and  I tend to have to sit down after awhile.  I sleep fairly decent but do suffer from the occasional sleep paralysis , and I am diagnosed with anxiety disorder but it feels pretty controlled for the most part and my stresses in life.  I have iron deficiency anemia and I am not on any medication currently as well. Sorry if it’s a bit all over the place but have any ideas what’s going on? Feel free to ask any questions [info] This user has not yet been verified. [info] 1581195433 [info] test
xerces717 [info] Fuck, that last line got me. I was diagnosed with anxiety 13 years ago. It's tough. You're not alone, there's other anxious wrecks out there like us. I hope you find peace and live well, friend.  [info] None [info] 1538174297 [info] test
Seeeab [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety so whatever man. I put plenty of caveats and expanded in other posts to make clear I have no real advice. I also added caveats that there are many factors (including genetic and biologic).But fuck off lol. Anxiety can for sure be learned. If someone is raped as a child and it makes them anxious around certain dudes when they're an adult that's not a genetic issue. And sure enviornmental scenarios can trigger biologic changes too. So idk what you're doing except having upvote envy and trying to be the dude being a random sense of reason on a popular post Edit: happy cake day tho [info] None [info] 1498869495 [info] test
lnologram [info] I only interact with my sister when it’s unavoidable (like when I go home for Christmas). She’s older than me and made my childhood a fucking hell. It got to the point where I could barely be in the same room as her without her screaming at me for something innocuous (like sitting too close to the tv, or humming along to the radio). She’s a major reason I was diagnosed with anxiety and eventually PTSD.I don’t regret avoiding her, even now that we’re both adults, she’ll snap at me for the smallest things (I accidentally misgendered her cat, to which she misgendered me in response). Having her out of my life is one of the best things I’ve ever done for my stress levels lol [info] None [info] 1563254712 [info] test
TogaMcrightousFace [info] It was motivation. But I didn't feel the urgency until closer to time. Believe me, I understand that it was irresponsible.Yes, I've been diagnosed with anxiety disorders, including PTSD.  [info] None [info] 1529617726 [info] test
hdaigre47 [info] Thanks for the suggestion, but I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder when I was 6 and have seen a psychiatrist and therapists ever since. Received a few other diagnoses along the way as well. It’s been fun. [info] LSU Tigers / Team Chaos [info] 1515607218 [info] test
ihateapplepie [info] I have never felt important to my parents. I've sadly come to the conclusions recently that my dad who I thought used to be on my side is an enabler and kinda bad himselfMy dad and I used to sit and cry in the car with how NMom treated us. We would vent to eachother, we would talk things out. He would listen to me scream my frustrations and I would do the same for him. Then one day I was venting and he just says "I think you should stop saying these things about your mother." And I felt i had the air sucked out of my lungsI feel like my parents never took me seriously or cared about me. I've literally never, not once, been to a dentist and I thought that was normal. I broke my ankle once and they took me to the doctor and then hid it from me, acted like everything was fine. I control my doctor stuff now and saw the after visit summary from all those years ago indicating a break. My ankle has serious damage from not getting that break taken care of. I was diagnosed with anxiety and adhd in middle school. They literally refused to take me to any doctors. My mom is a fucking nurse. They both had a lot of meds. All of my brothers had meds. Just not me. I begged them because I had nightly panic attacks. My dad always said "okay I'll do it" and then when it came to me they would never schedule. When I was finally brought in and given a medication, he never took me to the follow up and my meds ran out. Then he wouldn't take me because next time we went he would have to pay a fee for missing it with no notice or something. My brothers were fully medicated and regulated. Due to my adhd and other problems I seriously struggled in school. My parents never cared and just blamed me for being lazy. My teacher sat me down and was like you are struggling why are you not in an IEP or something. I told him it was because my parents wouldnt allow it. He was shocked. (Considering my brother was in 3 IEP classes) They had the IEP teacher secretly take me to her math class and he would just give me the grades for how I did on that work instead. He was a fantastic teacher.I don't really know where this is going. I guess its a vent? [info] None [info] 1540126478 [info] test
CaptainBudLight [info] No more anxiety attacks! I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder when I was a kid and have dealt with high anxiety and anxiety attacks throughout my life. My mom didnt want to to put me on anxiety  meds as a kid. However as an adult I've been on medication but it still wasn't helping much. In the last 2 years my anxiety seemed to keep getting worse until I tried CBD oil and vape! I've been taking CBD oil for a month now and I have not had an anxiety attack! Not only that but my anxiety overall has been low to none! Anyways, just thought I would share [info] None [info] 1555046860 [info] test
Tho3v [info] Am I stupid? I will start with a background of myself and explain myself as a person. -I grew up as a foreigner in Saudi Arabia, and graduated from an American school there. My father paid lots of money for me to graduate from here, but I chose to go study in Russia despite his wishes for me to study in a rich Anglophone country, because I wanted to experience something different. I also did not want my dad to spend so much money on me, because university in countries like USA and Canada are damn expensive and I am not sure my dad can cover the tuition fees without me going into debt. -My father was not very encouragung and I grew up being afraid of looking stupid in front of him, and this makes me unconsciously do very stupid things. I can forget where I put things very fast and have a habit of losing things.  -I was diagnosed with anxiety and ADD but I dont believe that ADD is real. I do have focus issues but it can be resolved by studying in a quiet library. The only real issue is that I think slow and process information slowly. I make the stupidest mistakes. I cannot function properly when someone is being imperative and asks me to do something. For example, my dad gave me his glasses and said something like "wear it on your neck" and I was literally so confused that I was putting it on my neck like how someone puts their glasses on, it took me a couple seconds to realise he meant that I should hang it upon my shirt. Of course my dad cusses me out for stupidity every chance he gets. This has made me so insecure that I do act like a complete dumbass when meeting his friends when they come over. I am 19 and am terrible at socializing. I have a bad sense of humor too. I have long term goals and I do work on them. Just a year ago I felt I was smart, but with every passing day I feel like a dumbass. -I sometimes believe in God and sometimes I don't.-I have already completed a year of uni in a Russia, and right now I am spending the summer with my parents in my home country. I had friends in Russia but I have no one here. It is too hot and dirty to go outside and I spend my days learning Russian at home. -The only thing I am talented in is biology, languages and art. I speak 4 languages, but so can many people. I suck at maths and am bad at socializing but I do have a girlfriend who is a lot like me. So please tell me honestly, am I stupid?Update: Thank you for your beautiful replies. It has been a big help and I am going to take my diagnosis more seriously. I have spoken with my dad and he is being supportive. [info] None [info] 1564254208 [info] test
AshPaws [info] This type of behaviour during me growing up is what made me spite my mother. Nothing was enough, and enough was nothing to her. No wonder I was diagnosed with anxiety after my teen years shortly before moving out. Took me a while to realise that caring about petty things only gave a more negative impact than a positive one in regards of trying to be better (e.g "Oh finally you come out of your cave! HAHAHA") [info] None [info] 1561022552 [info] test
Volleyballer08 [info] Was Diagnosed As A Kid, Now Problems As An Adult After work today I really want to put my foot down and get whatever is going on with me under control. When I was 11, I was diagnosed with anxiety. I didn't know this until about a year ago when my mom told me. I had gone through a brief period of therapy for panic attacks that resulted from being a hypochondriac. I work in healthcare now and don't have that issue anymore. My mom I guess had asked if she thought medication was needed and my therapist at the time said she didn't think so. I grew up a teenager always worried and I dealt with stress poorly, but I would say I was 'fine' as far as that goes. I had lots of friends, was very physically active, and wouldn't have really considered myself having any mental health issues.Flash forward to me at age 22-now at age 29. I'm finding it suddenly hard to make friends and have been alone for a very long time with only rare occasions of meeting up with people. Recently I moved due to a career change and now I'm feeling even worse than before; panicked, afraid everyone hates me, so anxious by the time I leave work everyday I'm in tears. My parents know this sort of thing has been going on for a while and God bless them, they've advised me to go to therapy again and try things like online dating apps and such but I'm so damn insecure these days I'm afraid I'll just feel worse. Seeing them upset makes me feel worse and the cycle goes on and on.Living in a new town with what could be a fresh start I already feel like I'm slipping into the isolation and constant state of anxiousness I was before. I don't even know where to begin in terms of seeking help and I feel like such a failure. I want to move past this mental barrier that keeps me from being myself but have zero clue how. I don't get why I'm this way after so many years of being fine. [info] None [info] 1539800664 [info] test
lawyer_or_actor [info] Me [35 M] with my GF [30F] of 5 years, broke up with her last night; she won't quit calling or texting. What do I do next? She has a lot of emotional issues stemming from abuse she had when she was a child. One of her main issues was that she was very angry with me all the time. Little stuff, big stuff, it didn't matter. She has a temper and I think I was her outlet for her anger. I finally had had enough and reached out to my parents who told me they think I had "battered woman" syndrome of sorts wherein she would emotionally abuse me but then flip it around to make it my fault. I was diagnosed with anxiety the past year, part of it stems from her treatment of me. Just to give you all and idea of the type of person I am dealing with.Anyway, it was a toxic relationship (I wasn't perfect either) but I do feel bad about calling it off. She's not all bad and I tried so hard to make it work. She has texted and called constantly saying she will change and finally go to therapy.Part of me wants to give her another chance but part of me knows I have to put my foot down. So what should I tell her? She's the type of person that will not quit calling or texting but I feel like I should probably say something to drive home the point that we are done so she will start to heal and move on. Should I call her? Text her? I already broke up with her should I just ignore everything? I'm at work right now and had to block her so I can try and keep it all together.Thank you so much for any help you can give.**TL;DR Broke up with my girlfriend last night. I love her but she has so many issues that just weren't good for me. She won't quit calling or texting me. What do I do next?** [info] None [info] 1532451366 [info] test
RealHumanHere [info] Interesting question. Not really, I have not been fined once, nor a speeding ticket nor anything. I have very high education (Ivy). But I am diagnosed with anxiety, and I am a perfectionist and control-freak, and I definitely over-worry about things, I've been looking forward to joining Freemasonry for a long time (many years), and since my interview is so soon, I was worried I had everything under control :P. But you've risen a good point, I should not worry, and if it works out, it does.  [info] None [info] 1466344827 [info] test
MollyMittens [info] I'm always anxious 24/7. I was diagnosed with anxiety in elementary school and it's only gotten worse as I've gotten more responsibilities. &amp;#x200B;I recommend therapy and talking to your doctor about medications. Ideally before you start having panic attacks and ulcers. &amp;#x200B;Also find some good coping mechanisms to help you when you're getting super anxious. If I can feel a panic attack coming on I can sometimes prevent them by listening to calming music and drinking water.  Also naps really help reset your emotions. But obviously this type of coping mechanism is more of a band-aid than a long term solution so definitely look into longer term solutions (like therapy and meds). [info] Anxious Mess [info] 1538962177 [info] test
sociopaths-throwaway [info] Masters and PhD’s all around and I would say we are rather upper class. My family on my mother’s side has always been full of incredibly intelligent and rich people. My father’s side perhaps lacked on the intelligence and money but I was never around them or him much. I don’t use drugs, and I use alcohol socially. I hate not having control over my own brain and I can’t help but look down on addicts. I have been diagnosed with anxiety but that was a very long time ago. I used to have severe social anxiety when I was in my early teens but have felt none of it in the past four years. That is also subsequently around the time I stopped feeling most thing all together. Weakness to me is more general sometimes but the things I find weak are as follows for my current boyfriend since it is freshest in my mind: not pursuing further education, not in constant pursuit of higher positions (or work for him overall), high level of emotions whether it is sadness or anger, constant self doubt and shame, lack of money without attempts to better the situation, alcohol or drug problems (he was addicted to pills and some other substance), self pity is my biggest one too. I have more but this is what I could think of at the moment. These traits always tell me that the person is open to manipulation. If someone immediately puts me above them it lets me know they are weak. My best relationship has been with a woman who had sociopathic/psychopathic tendencies because we were both on level with each other. That of course fell apart because I wanted to be able to manipulate and be praised and she wanted to inflict pain that I couldn’t feel. [info] None [info] 1561218251 [info] test
Vivian42069 [info] Considering dropping Vyvanse (30 mg) I started Vyvanse 5 days ago, and so far the side effects have been pretty bad, but I quite like it as a drug for what it offers me. I have been diagnosed with anxiety, if that assists in anyone's understanding.It was going perfectly fine, other than my mouth being dry almost constantly, occasionally having issues 'getting it up' , and not being able to tell when I was hungry or thirsty, until day 4. On day 3, I had a very stressful day and experienced gag-inducing nausea. Long drive home, bickering with friends, getting into a very yell-intense argument, and then day 4 approached. On day 4, I felt like I was dying. I checked my heart, and my heart-rate had almost doubled, and my pulse had increased by about 40-50%. I sat in my desk-chair nearly the entire day, called out of work, and my heart-rate never went down.Today is day 5, and my heart-rate and pulse is still awful but not as bad, and as a result of my dry mouth one of my lip-piercings got infected.I'm getting very seriously tired of this drug, I want to continue it but it just gives me problem after problem, and it's starting to put my health on the line.Do these symptoms fade away in your cases? How long was it until most of the side effects (if any experienced) wore off? [info] None [info] 1545449119 [info] test
AndyDoopz [info] I've been diagnosed with anxiety disorders so I've definitely been struggling with that.  [info] None [info] 1497413873 [info] test
whoninj4 [info] I know this is 16 hours old, but here's my 2cents if you'd like it.It's been about 8 years since I've been diagnosed with anxiety and all 2,920 days of it I have had anxiety on my mind.  Some days are great, some days are the lowest of low.  Sometimes I wonder why all of my days can't be this good.  Other times I'm nauseated, sweating, everything on (and inside) my body hurts and I can't even see straight; and I wonder to God why the hell this happens to me.  Sometimes you're positive that in the next few minutes, you're going to die.For me, it's all about perspective.  Once I got all medically checked out and my doctor(s) were *sure* there was nothing wrong with me, I tried to change my outlook because anxiety is 100% mental.  Why am I doing this to myself? Why do I let myself succumb to this disorder?  I have a blessed life, I need to overcome this.  I've been to therapy every week for 3 years now and I can't even begin to tell you what a positive influence it has had in my life.  There are still good days and bad days, but I'm much more in control over my own thoughts.  It takes practice, and (for me) meditation, exercise and lots of herbal tea helps.Good luck in your life's journey and be happy! [info] None [info] 1357915260 [info] test
mako-jaeger [info] Hmm, it's hard to say. I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder in February, and I'm still trying to figure it out myself. I think you have to make peace with who you are and who you where in the past, and then take the proper steps to becoming the person you want to be.It of course won't be easy. In February after I went through the darkest period in my life, I realized a lot of things about myself. I think I had to just let go of all the bad things that had been holding me back, and embrace the good. For too long I was tied down by worrying about all the negative things people thought about me, and not appreciating the positives.I'm not sure if being "chill" is exactly the goal. I think being forgiving is a much more applicable goal. Being chill is good, but we will all have times of anger, uncertainty, and sadness. Trying to force those things out will only increase anxiety in my opinion. Instead forgive yourself if your anger, uncertainty, or sadness causes you to do something stupid. And investigate into why you are angry, uncertain, or sad.Also don't confuse eustress with distress. Putting it simply, eustress is what makes you feel like you have to get out of bed to fight the stressor, and distress is what makes you feel like your bed is your only safe haven from the stressor. Make sure your doing things out of eustress. Let it push you up. And accept that you will be stressed. It is hard for me a lot to accept that I am stressed. I don't always like it, and sometimes I want to ignore it. But the bright side is there is always a cause for stress, whether internal or external. Find the cause, investigate it, decide on how to act on it, confront the stressor, and move on.And as a final piece of advice to bring it all together, accept the bad days, because you'll have them. That's life. This semester has punched me in the gut so many times, I'm surprised I'm graduating in such a good shape. I think the key was accepting what happens, forgiving yourself and others, and moving on. Remember you can't change the past, but you can change the future. I live by this phrase in a lot of things: "Late, but not too late." Meaning essentially that sometimes you'll be late to a realization or doing something you should have done a long time ago, but it's not too late to make things the way you want them to be. And when it is (because it will be), accept it, forgive, and move on. [info] None [info] 1524878990 [info] test
barcelonatimes [info] In high school I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder.  I was prescribed .5 MG of xanax, twice a day.  Once i graduated and went to college, I decided "I don't need this shit anymore!"  Well, for about two weeks I would constantly catch something moving out of the corner of my eye, catch a flash of light from the side.I thought I was losing my fucking mind, and I had no idea that just taking one of those pink pills would make it stop(luckily.)  That shit is completely normal.  Anytime you are imbibing a GABA inhibitor, you will experience things like this during withdrawals.  Just keep trucking...you're the exterminator, and the varmints are decreasing by the day! [info] None [info] 1394513301 [info] test
invaderpixel [info] I've been diagnosed with anxiety in the past, not taking or doing anything for it at the moment, the BIGGEST thing you have to watch out for is everyone else. A wedding is the ultimate small talk for most people, even though for you it's deeply personal. I had a ton of random acquaintances who found out I was planning a wedding in 7 and a half months tell me "WOW THAT'S REALLY FAST!" and go on and on about it, to the point where I was convinced I had something seriously wrong with my wedding and everything would be a disaster. (I actually even had my dress and venue, catering and drinks taken care of before I was officially engaged with a ring on me because my FH was saving up for one) I think anxiety made me freak out more about people's reactions to how short my engagement was, when really my engagement length wasn't THAT short or unheard of. The thing that helped me the most was making quick decisions after basic research and then reciting all the things I've done so far. "I already have my dress, venue, catering, invitations, cupcake tower, cake topper, shoes, undergarments, dj, photographer, flowers, etc." Little random things will pop up (absolutely need a musician to play at the church? Ok I guess) but I will handle them after reciting all the big things I have done already.  [info]  [info] 1370648039 [info] test
Thelostbky16 [info] Advice: Working in Public with anxiety Right now I am in my final year as an accounting student.  Throughout my time, here my accounting professors have been placing a lot of pressure on me to go to work at any of the Big 4 in NYC. They mention that if I do not work at any of the Big 4 Accounting firms than my career is meaningless.  They do not know that I struggle with anxiety since I like to keep my health related matters private.  So I was curious if any of the Big 4 are good organizations to work for if I am diagnosed with anxiety? [info] None [info] 1571839885 [info] test
DaintyGhost747 [info] I used to get that a lot. And I made sure I didn't miss anything, I'd do everything, with every friend, club, group, and family. It didn't go so well, and I went to the hospital extreme exhaustion. That's day I was diagnosed with anxiety [info] None [info] 1553334893 [info] test
Shinyiest [info] My parents aren't supporting me taking anti-depressants I've been diagnosed with anxiety and panic disorder due to academic issues. So on my counsellor suggestions I went to see my GP and got prescribed an SSRI Citalopram which has been helping with my anxiety massively.I used to have constant negative self talk during down times but this has completely disappeared because of the medication. And because of it I can continue with my studies without having any intense panic attacks.My parents understand and see the positive effects of the meds as I am functioning back to normal but it's their opinion is that since I feel better I should stop taking the medications. Just from doing research I know I shouldn't stop because of negative withdrawal symptoms.I am going to continue taking it but how should I convince my parents that continuing taking it is a good thing?Side note: is there any medication that treat anxiety that also doesn't suppress sex drive? My bf is pretty miffed at the fact that we aren't getting any because of the meds. [info] None [info] 1445518095 [info] test
Xenouz [info] I mean it happens to me, but I'm diagnosed with anxiety disorder by a doctor so maybe it's just a small amount of people. [info]  [info] 1464311334 [info] test
mariposa-indigo [info] Obsessive-compulsive disorder and zen Hi!I have some very recurring thoughts and get worried by them. These worries are accompanied by songs that get stuck in my head frequently, all the day, with anxiety too. I'm diagnosed with anxiety and OCD. I used to practice compulsions, but now is more the obsessive part. I wonder if I'm attached to this "diagnostic". When I breathe, it seems that I can let go this thought of "worried, worried, worried" that keeps coming, but it's for short moments. "What if" thoughts with the "worst case scenarios" keeps popping all the time, like something very bad is about to happen. Then it becomes hard to breath, pains starts to appear and I get stressed. Mindfulness helps me a lot.Sometimes I feel very negative and somehow... something! arises and I calm down. I don't know what is... love, peace. Them I get distracted by the obsessions again.Is that an identification? Like, my mind is creating the same structure of conflicts? Creating conflict so I can calm down... Creating conflict so I can calm down? I don't have panic attacks, though. Even getting peaceful is a reason for the mind to argue about it "you are too peaceful".Thanks for the help! [info] None [info] 1502489809 [info] test
Snake010 [info] I used to be just like this guy I didn't understand then I was diagnosed with anxiety now I understand and I wish more people could just understand [info] None [info] 1560396581 [info] test
-partlycloudy- [info] And if you absolutely have to check if that weird feeling in a particular body part is really just caused by anxiety, include the literal word “anxiety” in your search. Eg “lump in throat anxiety”. 99.99% of the time, that weird symptom will be down to anxiety. This helped me during my google rampages when I was just diagnosed with anxiety and having wild panic attacks! [info] None [info] 1546777401 [info] test
Chimerasame [info] Oh yeah, I get you.I've been diagnosed with anxiety by a GP to the extent he felt comfortable prescribing me as-needed medication for it, but I don't know if it's "chronic". I get it sometimes when I go to grocery stores, and when i'm around a lot of unfamiliar or only-slightly-familiar people in a scenario where there isn't a really specific prescribed sort of action-we're-supposed-to-do (e.g. parties w/ like 20-30 people are often bad, but audiences with like 200-300 people are fine).I'm not real clear on where the neurotypicality line is, heh. [info] None [info] 1498591682 [info] test
jamessayshowdy [info] Honestly I really thought for the longest time it was normal to worry about everything and always be stressed out. When I was diagnosed with anxiety I was like "wait wut".  [info] None [info] 1554241591 [info] test
unfromageluv [info] i'm diagnosed with anxiety disorder. got hospital records-suicide.also got hallucinations in my case files [info] None [info] 1446251311 [info] test
HarleeeQuin [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety and acute stress disorder after going through an abuse relationship *(before opiate use even started)* and one of the main reasons I continued use was because my anxiety just disappeared and I could finally function normal again as weird as that might sound?i got to week 2 clean and my anxiety started to get bad again, really bad and that was the reason I relapsed. I couldn’t take it anymore.That’s good that they know and you can be honest and not feeling your hiding anything. I feel terrible for hiding it but I know it’s best this way.Yeah if it wasn’t for the sub and the people who I’ve talked to then I’d definitely be in a way worse place. I think I actually need to make posts or talk to people here when I am going through withdrawals or feeling like my mental health is really bad. I think it give me a higher chance to get through it being able to talk to people who can relate / understand what I’m going through. Edit - I got to 15 days being clean before my anxiety started to get bad again  [info] None [info] 1544659274 [info] test
albob [info] It was something my psychiatrist told me back when I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder.  A quick google search found this article with a link to the study at the bottom - https://adaa.org/living-with-anxiety/managing-anxiety/exercise-stress-and-anxiety [info] None [info] 1564863195 [info] test
Othmaneabf [info] 22M. 63Kg 176cm. Strange heart feeling I feel my heart. It's not a pain but I feel it from time to time. My pulse is normal. I am diagnosed with anxiety.This feeling is amplified when I put my laptop on my chest for hours, and it goes away when I take my Xanax or light up a cigarette (I barely smoke 3-4 cigs a day )Is it an anxiety manifestation or another underlying problem? Last I checked this feeling didn't fit the palpitations description.Thank you in advance. [info] This user has not yet been verified. [info] 1587578901 [info] test
Elzahex [info] Don't know if these are symptoms of this or not. I've had these "tics" where my jaw, finger tips, joints would feel weird and I have to touch them to relieve them. Or even things I'm not touching, I feel like I have to feel them or do something to get that feeling to stop. These have been present for the majority of my life and my dad has major ocd and anxiety. I have been diagnosed with anxiety as well. Not sure if these feelings are correlated with ocd or not. Just would like some of your guy's thoughts. [info] None [info] 1461098559 [info] test
Kannazhaga [info] I have a little Texas on my wrist and "We're all mad here" on my calf. My Texas, well clearly I'm from Texas. And I think tattoos are an opportunity to outwardly show parts of our personalities that matter to us. Then my quote, I was diagnosed with anxiety in college and for some reason had trouble dealing with it -- I thought I was crazy and stuff. Talking to my mom about it, she said that we're all crazy in some way or another. I realize I should have known that, but it was important to me to remember that, so I put the Alice in Wonderland quote on my calf. And I love both of them and wouldn't change them for the world. [info] None [info] 1532277315 [info] test
hellohealthyliving_ [info] I've officially been un-diagnosed with binge eating disorder. My therapist told me my eating habits no longer qualify me as a binge eater and that I now fall into a "chronic overeater" category due to anxiety. Instead of working on improving my binges (which aren't binges anymore!), we're working on ways to better manage my anxiety so that the overeating happens less frequently (about once a week right now). I broke down in tears in her office yesterday, it just felt so liberating to officially be "cleared" from being a binge eater. Her and I agree, the switch to Keto played a huge part in the whole thing because I am no longer eating the foods that would have originally triggered me to binge.I thought this was something I would have to deal with for the rest of my life, but I feel as if I'm finally free of my emotional tie to food. (Edit: I worded this poorly. What I meant was having someone tell me that my eating habits no longer qualified me as someone who suffered from binge eating disorder made me feel free from the Black Cloud that is BED and has been hovering over my head for quite some time. I would feel guilty every time I took an extra spoonful of peanut butter out of the jar and ate it and every time I had a piece of candy because the BED that had consumed my life for so long told me that if I ate that stuff, it was bad and I was bad. My therapist broke down my last several “binges” and what I ate and she said to me “Just because you eat more than you should sometimes doesn’t qualify you as a binge eater anymore.” So to me, that is emotional freedom not from the food, but from the BED.)***EDIT: For those of you asking, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/keto/comments/86smg6/ive_officially_been_undiagnosed_with_binge_eating/dw7w6zt/) is the eating habits I was dealing with that originally got me my BED diagnosis. My most recent overeating sessions have stayed well under 4,000 calories at their worst (but that is absolute worst, usually now it's like eating a total of 2,000 calories in a day). No, I'm not diagnosed with "overeating while stressed" I'm diagnosed with anxiety right now and we are hoping to resolve it without any medication. Everyone copes with anxiety different. Some people don't sleep, some have panic attacks, some physically harm themselves, I overeat and by treating my anxiety and finding ways for me to cope with it, it should help reduce the amount of overeating that I do.I also noticed a lot of people writing and saying that it's something that they're struggling with as well, I'd just like to put out there that my therapist gave me [this](https://www.barnesandnoble.com/p/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-matthew-mckay/1008150072/2679449628496?st=PLA&amp;sid=BNB_DRS_New+Marketplace+Shopping+Textbooks_00000000&amp;2sid=Google_&amp;sourceId=PLGoP164997&amp;gclid=CjwKCAjw7tfVBRB0EiwAiSYGM6R-ME0VJ6Cd3vdgcVjroPeAmVXp6uA_joAfbsecLtRXqA8s5KIv3xoCi18QAvD_BwE) book and we have been working through it and talking about different coping mechanisms together to help me to regulate and better handle the overwhelming emotions I deal with when anxiety strikes that is not overeating. [info] F23 | 5'3" | HW: 174 SW: 127.8 CW: 125.1 | SD: 03.07.18 [info] 1521893264 [info] test
Rhaski [info] I hope I can help you a little here. Your experience sounds almost identical to my first year, and even now in my second year those feelings have come and gone. I discovered that the issue is not the career, or my ability to do the job, rather, it was more to do with how I deal with stress and my unrealistic expectations of myself. I ended seeing a therapist. I was diagnosed with anxiety, which is something I am now working on and making a lot of progress with managing stress. I would recommend is seeing a therapist about what you're feeling. Stress is part of the job, but it isn't normal to feel dread, fear and panic. This doesn't necessarily mean you also have anxiety, but it's clear that something is not right in the way you handle stress. You have worked hard to academically and professionally prepare yourself for this career so don't pull the trigger on leaving it behind too readily, give yourself a real chance first. Seek advice and tips from colleagues, mentors, etc as much as you can. Learn from them, find out how they deal with everything (I guarantee it doesn't involve them getting through every bit of work all the time). But seriously, book yourself in too see someone about how to handle your stress levels, and give yourself some credit. This is not an easy job,   it if you stick with it, it WILL get easier as you learn the tricks and everything stops being so new. In the meantime, acknowledge the progress that you HAVE made, and stop being so hard on yourself for not being a veteran in your first year [info] None [info] 1512435908 [info] test
thekojac [info] Just had the worst panic attack (I hope that's what it is...) I've ever had... Little bit of background...When I was in high school (about 10 years ago) I was officially diagnosed with anxiety/panic disorder after sitting in class and thinking I was having a heart attack, but what I now know was a panic attack. Had an MRI done, wore a holtor monitor, had a complete work up with nothing out of the ordinary. So I was diagnosed with anxiety/panic disorder.Recently things have been good, save for a panic attack once every few months, though my baseline general anxiety level is higher. But very few actual panic attacks. Well, today I was at work going about my business when, out of the blue with literally no build-up, I noticed I was having a hard time swallowing. Immediately (like, within a second) upon this realization, my palms got sweaty, I got dizzy and light headed, I had "brain zaps", my heart was pounding, I felt like I was gonna black out, yet I wanted to get up and run. I don't know what from, but I needed to get away from where I was. I honestly felt like I was dying. The attack seemed to last with varying intensity for a good 30-40 minutes (though it was by far the worst when it first started) before slowly dissipating (with the help of some emergency Ativan I took). I'm not quite 100% back to normal just yet, but way better that I was. Oh, and I checked my blood pressure and it was quite high while the attack was ongoing, but seems to have returned to near normal. But... This was probably the singular most intense, awful, terrifying panic attack I've ever had. It scared me. A lot. I dunno why I'm sharing this. Maybe I just need some reassurance that I'm not dying right now and it really was just the worst panic attack I've ever experienced in my life. Ugh. This stuff sucks. [info] None [info] 1440962688 [info] test
NYCParis7 [info] Hi I've been through the same. Just a quick intro, I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder, agoraphobia and obsessive compulsive disorder when I was 16. I stayed home a lot, had 0 friends and felt unhappy and low all the time. And yes I totally understand how you are feeling now. First off, try considering medication for your anxiety. Because for me, my doctor told me that I have too much receptor cell in one of the parts of my brain, so I get super anxious over even the small stuff. So yea, the medication can calm you down and help u in your work and daily life.Next, your living situation. It seems to bother u a lot. So, start to work on it. Try to post more ads online on local forums, Craigslist, uni forum, etc. Maybe work extra hours or get an extra job. Further to that, start saving up. Yes I know u barely have enough to live by now, but just make sacrifices and save up a little every month. Why? For college/ emergency. It's already a good start that you want to go to college. 😃👍🏻 I know people say that degree is not the only way, but in many times, degree is the easier and safer way. Next, your job. But first let me tell you about my fear which caused my OCD, anxiety and agoraphobia. I was afraid of using the public bathroom. I fear people will judge me for doing number 2. I fear people will think that I'm abnormal and dirty. My main problem was MY FEAR OF HOW PEOPLE WILL THINK OF ME. In short, I gave too much sh** (lol nice pun). So yea bak to ur workplace, don't care so much. People do not think of u as much as u think they do, for real! Like kuroky said 'don't give a f**k!' If u really dislike ur existing job, it's time to look for a new one. Stay up, play less dota, and start looking for jobs. Try to attend as many interview as u can. You never know which job has the best opportunities for u until u get to compare them. Finally, I'm not sure if u have been through this. But for me, I do a lot of self-pity. I looked at my situation and started comparing myself against my friends who are doing better, then I start to feel very down and feel pitiful for myself. That same cycle happens so often, I didn't get to my problem and solve it, instead I was just there gloating and getting all sad about my problem. BUT I HAVE GOTTEN THROUGH AND OVER ALL THESE NOW. 7 years later, which is now, I'm 24, graduated, have a full time job, have a gf (which helped me alot in my shitty 😂 Problem). As my father always tells me, 'son, you just need a breakthrough, and things will change'. And it did! You can do it my friend, I wish u all the best. Nothing comes free in life. Treasure ur family members and friends. Help while you can, because u never know when u need the same. All the best, looking forward to seeing you overcome all these and make a post of your victorious breakthrough on DOTA 2 REDDIT. Best regards,Samuel.  [info]  [info] 1537316884 [info] test
swivel2369 [info] How do I know if my issue is anxiety or not? I've been to a couple doctors and told them I think I have anxiety bit they seem to think it's more of a small case of ocd instead. What medications would I be given if I was diagnosed with anxiety. Probably a mild case. I bite my nails constantly even while telling myself not to. I'm always driving myself crazy about being late to anywhere. Even if it doesnt matter what time I get there and I seem to have no patience at all. For anything. I always seem on edge. I can be in a great mood one minute and the second something goes wrong or didn't go exactly how I planned I'm almost in a rage. Internally anyway. Rarely do I ever explode by hitting something or throwing something but I get so tied up inside and get pissed sometimes in a split second. So I have anxiety or is it something else? [info] None [info] 1473026202 [info] test
Swaggy_splashy [info] Hi I am new here. This sub is awesome. I am on day 10 I’ve been struggling for the last 5 years. I was diagnosed with anxiety/panic disorder then. Also was diagnosed with benign twitching syndrome at age 14. I tried an early recovery group aa, naltrexone. Couldn’t stay sober more than five days. Now thanks to my family and another dose of pancreatitis. Yes another. I am at day 10 and am finally feeling normal again. Still some night sweats but the anxiety and twitching I masked with alcohol, the rebound was always worst making me drink again soon after work. It feels good, and you are all an inspiration. Thank you all and good luck. [info] 22 days [info] 1542171387 [info] test
kawaiiyummycum [info] You're home alone and you hear a sound, you feel that sinking feeling. You're afraid, you try to calm yourself down, because its all in your head. Right? but you grab onto the closest hard object and listen closer just incase. Your heart pounds and so does your head in unison. It's that feeling but it crawls up on you with no reason. Anxiety is being afraid of nothing, your brain creating chemicals it does not need, your heart beats fast and you feel sick, you sweat and you can't think properly. It's crippling, it's so hard to deal with day in day out. The worst part is few people understand so when you start crying or hyperventilating, people just leave you and point and say things. It's hard, it feels like they are all against you during that small moment. I was diagnosed with anxiety 4 years ago, the medication did not suit my brain chemistry. So I just deal with it. It's difficult, it won't change or go away because I'm sick. It's just who I am.  [info] None [info] 1521952436 [info] test
mappy700 [info] What can I do to get help for my anxiety, medically &amp; financially? I was diagnosed with anxiety in 2011. Since then I've seen many councilors and doctors but not many seemed to help. My anxiety has gotten a bit better, but its still debilitating. Because of my symptoms, and general inability to function well in public, or socially, outside of a few situations I'm ok with- many of my doctors and councilors have told me that I am generally unfit to work until I've gotten more help, and that doing so would be counter productive to my health &amp; progress. I agree with this after seeing how school went for me, attending daily made my anxiety go out the roof, I was constantly sick, tired, I stopped eating &amp; drinking, started sleeping 20 hours a day and became heavily depressed.  Because of this and my school refusing to make accommodations I was forced to drop out of high school. I am now working on getting a GED. I'm currently seeing someone who's going through Cognitive Behavioral Therapy with me, but there's a lot of pressure from family and "friends" that this process is not going fast enough. I am currently going through a rough patch where I'm unable to get into cars, buses, and a general fear of going outside, on top of all my normal anxiety I have daily. This happens sometimes and my family always views it as proof i'm "getting worse", even though generally, things have been getting better. I paid for food with a debit card in front of a cashier for my first time in years recently, so that was a positive. (I usually have friends pay and then pay them back, or I use self-checkouts, because I'm afraid of interacting with cashier workers). So that's where I am right now with my anxiety.  I am also very healthy, I eat well and I work out daily, I maintain a healthy weight, I have a sleep schedule I stick to. I do all these things people say will "help" but I am still stuck in the same place, mentally and physically, as my symptoms are often painful and debilitating (cramps, vomiting, diarrhea, migraines, hot flashes, chest pain, ect). My current doctor (doctors keep leaving my town, so I've had 3 in the past few years) is quite ignorant so just getting her to refer me to the person I'm seeing now is tough. She told me I just needed to "work doing something I like" and my anxiety would go away. That's obviously unrealistic as we all have to do things we don't like everyday, and we can't all work the job we want. I have tried to get her to help me by referring me to people who might be more helpful or aiding me in getting financial aid but she refuses. I live in a small town and have no way of seeing any other doctor. I've been denied now twice in my attempts to get financial aid. I live with my mom and we're struggling to pay our bills. My dad still helps support me a bit despite the fact I'm an adult now, but is threatening to stop because he believes anxiety isn't real and that his "tough love" will force me to work and make my anxiety get "fixed". He is a very negative influence and makes my anxiety worse but right now I have to stay in contact with him because without his support my mother and I would likely be homeless. Does anyone have any suggestions of what I can do in my situation? A person I could call or talk to, or something to demand from my doctor to get more help? Or a route I could try to go for financial aid? (I live in Canada) Are there any programs out there that help people like me &amp; recognize that we're just as sick as anyone else? I want to add as well that I am adamantly against the use of drugs- so I am not taking medication, and am not interested, ever, in doing so. I am only interested in counseling and therapy, and finding a way to support myself in the meantime while I get help with how to live with anxiety. So please to not suggest to me I ask my doctor about x or y medication. [info] None [info] 1531259050 [info] test
icantfindaun [info] Among other things I was diagnosed with anxiety a couple years back but I hated how the meds made me feel. Yes there's days where it's bad but overall I've learned to manage it. Exercise, eating right, trying to get at least 7 hours of sleep every night, and having a mentally and physically challenging job have been the keys for me but everyone is different. If you're having trouble please reach out. Even if it doesnt feel like it there's people around you who care. [info] None [info] 1531750031 [info] test
lowsodiumcrackers [info] I guess I read that as minor children acting out, but maybe Therapist doesn't see any difference between little kids and grown adult children. I've seen two other therapists, one for several months, within the past few years. Neither of them mentioned PTSD to me, but I was diagnosed with anxiety. I can't think of any reason why if they thought I had PTSD, they wouldn't have told me.  [info] None [info] 1514180455 [info] test
Rynyl [info] I just submitted my thesis to my committee For the past 2 years, I've been driven to the ground because of this thesis. During this time period, I was diagnosed with anxiety, put on meds, and have been seeing a counselor. I just submitted it today. I'm looking forward to a peaceful weekend. [info] GAD [info] 1469248983 [info] test
fidget4ever [info] Gotta tell ya from the perspective of a 50+ professional woman who wasn’t diagnosed and medicated until I was 40, I made it through and so can you.  Before ADHD diagnosis, I was diagnosed with anxiety.  I had to bustMy butt through college and early career. All I can tell you is be ready to show a doctor the facts. There are certain things doctors look for, the most important being that you have some proof that you have had Symptoms since childhood. They are sometimes different for girls than boys, but not always. If you have a Parent, sibling or teacher who can vouch for your symptoms as a child, that will also go a long way. [info] None [info] 1568684185 [info] test
rdmelo [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder this week. I started taking meds that actually make my crises more frequent and more intense (but shorter, at least). I had my first mid-run crisis yesterday (6 weeks after I started). I don't know about your symptoms, but mine included blurred sight, lethargy, difficult breathing and knee pain. I started jogging anyway, cranked up the volume, and everything went away around the 400-800m mark (I don't know for sure because of the blurred sight). The last 4km were a breeze after it, and I ran on a track instead of a treadmill.My experience might not relate to yours, however. Still, the first thing you should do is setting an adequate mindset for you. Mine is "find a way, not excuses" (I also like the "don't get lazy, get the upper hand"), it helps me keeping motivated. Second of all, think thoroughly about your safety: are you comfortable, have you stretched, are you hydrated, does your phone has enough battery left, do you have a reliable person that knows where you are and what you are doing that you can call if needed, is this person's phone on speed dial. Third, think about who and why are you doing it for. I'm doing it for myself, because I love myself, because I want to be the best I can. I'm not doing it because someone asked me to do it. I'm not doing it for the people around me. I'm not doing it to look cool or sexy in my fitness clothes. And guess what, people around you are doing the same. They don't care about what you're doing, they're just there to do their own thing and enjoy themselves. The first time was hard but it got better by the minute, because I was in control. I knew what I wanted to do, I knew how to do it, I could stop anytime I wanted. Still, check with your psychiatrist if it's ok to exercise. If you control your anxiety without medical assistance, then you can start running, it's a very safe exercise. About your nutrients, download MyFitnessPal (it's an app for smartphones) and it can take care of the calculations. In order to lose weight, you can aim for a 500 calorie deficit, just make sure you eat at least 1200 calories every day. You don't have to eat anything before running, just make sure you're very well hydrated. I like a banana (potassium to avoids cramps) and a whole liter (1/4 gallon) of water about 15-30 minutes before leaving home. After it, it's good to pump in some protein to help your body heal and build muscle. That's it overall. Use the search box and you'll find some more resources. My main advice is to avoid postponing your first run as much as possible. As you progress, your focus will naturally shift from your anxiety to how can you run longer, faster, better.  [info] W9D1 [info] 1433440276 [info] test
I_think_I_forgot [info] I was diagnosed with anxiety when I was 21, and ADD when I was 26. It's a weird experience for sure.  [info] None [info] 1493880260 [info] test
killercherry99 [info] CBD and me. A tale of anxiety. About me- I'm 34, married, 4 kids, 2 dogs, 2 cats. In 2011 I was diagnosed with anxiety, it was manageable then but slowly got worse until it took over my life. 2015 and 2016 were my worst years. I was turning into a terrible mother because I was afraid to go outside. I would finally go outside and drive to the grocery store only to cry in the parking lot and give up and go back home. If I did go in, more than once I'd have a panic attack and just leave the cart in the aisle and go home. I would sit in my house all day long convinced I was dying, it was always a heart attack and I was losing control of my panic attacks over it. I was too scared to even go to the Dr because I was sure they'd tell me I was dying. I was keeping my life together to outsiders, but I was a shell of a person. I declined every invitation and made it sound like I was doing something else so everyone always thought I was so busy. I had zero friends here on purpose- my husband is military so I only have friends and family back home and I could fake phone calls. In 2016 we bought a new home. To keep my kids in their previous schools meant a half hour drive on the freeway each way. I had to get my shit together. My sister told me about CBD and I did alot of research (mostly here!) before I took the plunge,  and I now literally have my life back. It's been about 7 months and the only regret is the years I lost suffering. I have friends, people like me and invite me places- I'm actually busy all the time and not scared to go anywhere! I will be my daughter's Girl Scout leader next year and I'm running for secretary of the school PTA.  Brands I like- Bluebird Classic 6x, I take this in the evening as it's more relaxing. Cbdistillery- I use this as needed if I feel anxiety coming mid regular dose. Just about 2 drops. And my newest I like is Receptra Elite. I take this every morning. My dosage is about 20mg both morning and night. I live in CA and while they have passed laws to legalize marijuana, there are no stores as of yet but I am looking forward to trying THC when I can. My town has a few bids to bring in grow operations and I would love nothing more than to find work there as I feel like I'm a huge testimony to how it can help mental health. [info] None [info] 1495294679 [info] test
tejastaco [info] [Rant] I feel like I'm going insane and my anxiety is creeping up on me again, but faster than ever Sorry if this is inappropriate. I've never posted here before, but I just came out of an anxiety attack and I feel like something is really wrong with me but I have no one to talk to about it. You know how when the tide goes in and out it has a slow rhythm? I feel like my anxiety was going in and out at a slow, low tide, but over the past five weeks it has been out of control. It will sweep in as a flash flood and I'll find myself crying on my living room floor wishing I was dead, then the next day I'm fine. Then it happens again. And again. I just spent the last hour in my bathtub crying and over-analyzing everything that happened to me today. I've always had anxiety and through working on everything myself I was able to get much better. The crying stopped, the anxiety attacks stopped and I felt better about myself. High school was my worst period, when I had to take medical leave because I passed out in the school bathroom during an anxiety attack. I'm terrified that I will go back to that point. I don't have health insurance, so I can't get medical help. When I start thinking about that I just get even more anxious. This morning my tired popped and I missed my first class and I started crying so hard that I couldn't even pick up my phone. I've always been a crier and I HATE it. I feel so weak all the time. I was diagnosed with anxiety as a kid and I just feel like there have been periods of my life where it dictated everything I did and now I'm at that point again. Until recently I could "just breath" and everything would get better. But now it's not. I've been having constant attacks that have lasted longer than what I used to have and I'm really scared. I just don't know what to do anymore. I have exams over the next two weeks, internship campaigns to finish, things to do for work. I can't seem to get anything done. Every time I get a good rhythm down I just freak out. The smallest things will trigger me and I don't know what happened to make me be like this again so suddenly. Really sorry for the wall of text. I think I just needed to write this down. I have no one to talk to about what happening to me and I feel so alone.  Edit -- if you have an SO that understands your condition, how did you exaplin it to them? I feel like I need to take time away from my SO b/c I don't want him to feel resopnsible if anything happens to me or I end up in the hospital because of my anxiety. I lean on him so much and he has become my crutch. I feellike he would think it was his fault if something bad happened to me, but he is making it hard for me to explain to him that we need to be apart for a while until I get better. How do I explain this to him? [info] None [info] 1412739154 [info] test
ramsay_baggins [info] My fiance and I have been together just over five years.In that time he has stood by me as I became physically ill with fear of confronting my flatmates in halls at University, as I stressed and stressed and stressed with Uni work, as I developed anxiety doing my dissertation, as I had really bad worries about getting a job after graduating, as I was diagnosed with anxiety because of the job I got...Just before I graduated I got really sick. Had to go to the hospital at 3am after only developing symptoms about six hours beforehand. He was panicking more than I was, but he sorted transportation, held my hand the whole way through, and then looked after me when I was bedridden for a week, couldn't eat and could hardly move.He held my arm for support everywhere I went when I got labrynthitis and couldn't walk unaided because I had lost all sense of balance.He came literally running to comfort me when I found out my stepsister had been involved in a serious and potentially life-threatening accident.He still talks me down when I had panic attacks and random freakouts.He reads me to sleep every night because he knows it helps me calm down. He even puts up with me when I interrupt him with questions or random observations about the story or character.He always encourages me in pretty much everything I do.He's wonderful. [info] None [info] 1417631451 [info] test
Dr3wcifer [info] *Update* We are unable to establish your eligibility to hold an airman medical certificate at this time... [My Original Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/flying/comments/c0aoa4/we_are_unable_to_establish_your_eligibility_to/)&amp;nbsp;Since the initial letter I received from the FAA specified that my initial medical was not suspended pending review, I decided to go the least intensive route first to see what FAA would request as followup while continuing to fly. I had my primary care doc draft a short letter basically saying I was fine. While I was overseas on a vacation, FAA finally responded to that certified letter stating that after review, they have found that I AM eligible for my current third-class medical and I may now continue to use it as if nothing had happened. No special issuance, no followup request for records or imaging.&amp;nbsp;So basically, here's all I did - I went to my VA primary care doc, since the VA is the only place with an records of my anxiety diagnosis, and the only place I've ever received followup care for my broken back. I had them write a short letter that specifically addressed and answered the exact questions presented in the initial FAA letter. The opening paragraph of his letter stated that he was my primary care doc, and that he had evaluated me previously in the year (February) for a routine evaluation. Second paragraph precisely refuted any inhibitions due to back pain, third paragraph precisely refuted any inhibitions due to anxiety and confirmed I had never been prescribed for the condition. The doc used the same language in his response that the FAA used in their request, and he also specifically stated that my most recent evaluation for anxiety found that the symptoms were "mild or transient." I'm not entirely sure if the VA will be dropping my disability rating for anxiety, and it wouldn't bother me if they did - I made it clear that I didn't think it was an issue during my last VA evaluation, but the doc essentially said "better safe than sorry" and kept the rating.&amp;nbsp;If anyone is in a similar situation to this, especially since the VA has been handing out mental health diagnoses like candy for the last decade, I can post up the entire initial request letter from FAA, my doc's response letter, and the follow-up from FAA.&amp;nbsp;To be clear, I was diagnosed with anxiety a decade ago but never treated/prescribed for it, and it's never really been an issue. I have also never been hindered by my broken back, other than being a bit shorter and fatiguing a bit faster when I go backpacking. Overall, probably not a common situation, but if anyone can learn from it, awesome. [info] PPL SEL [info] 1565706239 [info] test
nukesisgood [info] I would say yes, although it can often depend on what you're looking to do.  Working for a design team or in a maintenance crew or working on outages for a contractor?  Sure, I could see that being ok.  Trying to get a license to operate?  Then it might be a problem.&amp;#x200B;First off, I'd make sure you believe you can handle the responsibilities.  Especially if you want to be a licensed operator, you're going to be responsible for the health and safety of the public.  That's a big responsibility, and you should be sure you can handle it.  It might not be quite as big an issue if you just want to be an unlicensed operator.  But the NRC and your company's FFD personnel may take your condition into account when deciding whether to give you a license.  Operations training programs can also be pretty stressful so be prepared for that.  I was diagnosed with anxiety in the middle of my training program.  Might not be as big an issue as your condition (I don't know that much about major depressive disorder), but at least it gives me a little insight.  I just disclosed that I'd been prescribed medication, and they were fine with it.&amp;#x200B;As for advice on how to approach the hiring process, I don't think you'll have to disclose major depressive disorder when you're initially applying for the job.  But if you're hired, I'm sure you'll have to disclose that in your paperwork for getting access to the site.  Being honest is the best policy.  I've worked with people who've admitted to minor criminal records, health problems, even alcoholism.  As long as they were honest and disclosed their issues before it caused a problem, the company was fine with it and offered to help them with the problem.  If you lie and they catch you later, you're screwed.  And you probably won't get access to another nuke site for a long time if ever. [info] None [info] 1551830378 [info] test
mespdx [info] I have been diagnosed with anxiety which I think is a huge aspect contributing to this problem. My therapist is out of town but I made plans to meet with her when she gets back. We definitely had a rough (in a good way lol) sex life before, you gave me some good ideas on how to bring that back. Thanks! [info] None [info] 1510002675 [info] test
gvpmahesh [info] Activities that you recommend for the next 15 days? I have been diagnosed with anxiety and stress. I took a break from work for the next 15 days at least. I would like to hit a refresh button and go back fresh to the office. What activities do you recommend me doing?  Just a little bit of background. I enjoy writing, dancing(bachata) - though stopped for the past month and not at all a pro, and sometimes cooking and programming apps.  Interested in meeting new people, do some fun activities like games or community cooking(if that's a thing) or going out. Any suggestions would be helpful     I have the art of living happiness program in the back of my mind, that I intend to join on the first week of Jan [info] None [info] 1577515895 [info] test
GhibliNut [info] Last summer me, my English teacher and a few girls from my class all flew to Europe to tour through Spain and Italy. The trip was fun, but the plane ride to and from was awful. It was my first time on a plane since I was 4. I barely remember my first time flying because I was asleep through most of it. Now, 15 years later, I was diagnosed with anxiety and flying did not help me in the least. I hated how loud the plane was, it made it seem like something was wrong. Then there was the fact that I felt sick to my stomach after ingesting a large mocha from Starbucks. Also, I could feel the plane turn and dip and it scared me. I had to close the shades on my window because it was too scary for me. I also didn't sleep, which I should have, but I was too scared. I was too scared to even eat. I think the only thing I had was that mocha, which I drank at about 7 in the morning, and a snack-sized pretzel bag for dinner. As soon as we got off the plane we had to start the tour, so it was a miserable first day. On the way back, I was sort of getting used to it. I sort of knew what to expect...until we flew through a thunderstorm on our way to a layover in Michigan. The plane would tip upwards, climbing for a bit, then just drop. Then it would climb again, then drop again. It was a violent drop, at least a hundred feet. I thought I was going to die. If it wasn't the plane crashing it would have been a panic attack. [info] None [info] 1393308625 [info] test
sadlilzombie [info] Thanks for the response, I am diagnosed with anxiety so makes sense. I just hate to be something negative in anybody’s eyes, but it is sort of inevitable so I’ll just try my best to keep a positive image of myself. [info] None [info] 1564709714 [info] test
keshi [info] Sounds similar to me, I had bad reflux for months then it went away and soon after I developed chest pains. After several visits to A&amp;E worrying about a heart attack (so many blood tests, x-rays, ECGs, etc.) I was diagnosed with anxiety and given pills.I wasn't doubting my anxiety, but felt that it was the chest pains causing it, not the other way around!Unhappy with the diagnosis I went back to see another GP. She pressed into each of my ribs and sternum and holy shit did it hurt on the top rips (but not at all on some of the others). She offered a working hypothesis of Costochondritis and it seemed to fit my condition.I felt much better after that visit and my anxiety went way down as I could tell myself it was just some rib pain. After having it for about 8 months I have more or less gotten used to it.I too feel it worst when I am hungry/tired/dehydrated. Night times are the worse, I generally use some anti-inflammatory gel on my chest if it's a rough night.I went back to see my GP this morning as a check up and she has referred me to a reoccurring muscular condition clinic for a second opinion and to give me some advice on stretches/how to deal with it etc.I too have wondered if the reflux is related to the Costochondritis and I really should clean up my diet via food elimination to check to dietary inflammatory responses.Good luck! [info] None [info] 1549882407 [info] test
toccoto [info] I feel you dude. Can also be the people around you. I was diagnosed with anxiety when I was younger and my mom would blame so much of my laziness on it. I'm not saying it wasn't hard but I wasn't working as hard as I could in life.I finally moved away to force myself to take care of myself and my life is really good now. Yeah, anxiety still attacks but I've learned how to deal with it. I think even diagnosis can lead to some using it as an excuse in life. Howeve,r I think people who really do suffer eventually get to a point where they understand excuses don't matter and learning to cope.. Whether through good habits, drugs, etc etc is what matters. [info] None [info] 1524800741 [info] test
artfullyjaded [info] I know. I have been struggling with this lately, too. I've been diagnosed with anxiety and PTSD in the last year too, and it's especially scary when I'm having really bad anxiety on a day when I am more likely to have a seizure. Also, when my anxiety gets really bad, it is hard to focus on anything, and that's eerily similar to an aura for me. I feel kind of fuzzy and "off", and if it happens at work or somewhere where I am talking to people, I'll notice myself stuttering and slurring my speech. It's so very similar to that pre-seizure feeling for me.When I find myself in those situations, I remind myself that I have had anxiety attacks before, and that this is what they feel like. I'll remind myself that I took my medicine that morning, and that I didn't forget. And then I breathe, inhaling and exhaling at my own pace to calm down. The not knowing is definitely the hardest part, but you're not alone. [info] Briviact 150mg [info] 1570507658 [info] test
TDJS95 [info] Jaw Clenching So when I seen my doctor she said my jaw clenching has to do with trauma and now I am going through trauma therapy for it. Is jaw clenching part of anxiety? I was diagnosed with anxiety and I really don't know too much about... Anyways, thanks! [info] None [info] 1530058102 [info] test
smolbur [info] Thankyou, the OP is absolute cancer and so are a lot of the comments.I'm fucking sick of people glamourising mental illness.I was diagnosed with anxiety and it is a complete detachment from reality, it's about your mind cooking up nightmares of the immediate future and them scaring the shit out of you until you are paralyzed with fear.Mindfulness is the ONLY way out.People need to wake the fuck up. [info] None [info] 1542941179 [info] test
djeco [info] It really does consume your life.. But hang in there buddy. I was diagnosed with anxiety a few years back and it was hell. The thing is I wasn't worried about things like social anxiety, but rather the fear it self. The heart beat, sufication, swetty palms, the feeling of lost. It always started in my legs and build itself out, that tingling sensation. After a time I was done with it. I remembered having a dream of me training, boxing and training MMA. Don't know why I dreamed it, never been into fighting myself, but I liked to watch it. For some reason I woke up happy, happier that I've been for many months. I looked myself in the mirror that day and wanted to take control, like really bad, to a sensation that even got me mad at myself. I started researching, read other stories, tried out things that worked, other things didn't work, started training a little bit, worked on my breathing techniques, etc. When the therapist said that I didn't had to go to therapy anymore because I was healthy was like removing the  biggest chains in my life. I even got to a fuck it, I don't care anymore. You build yourself into this cage, and the only person that can unlock it is you.  [info] None [info] 1547969012 [info] test
poor_icarus [info] I choose happiness. So I bought the game Fran Bow on steam last Halloween, but I have only finished playing it recently. For those of you who don't know, the plot of the game revolves around Fran, a child who is mentally ill. Her parents are murdered, and she is set on finding who did it. SPOILER ALERT: For almost the whole duration of the game, you can alternate between realities, which means there are several version of what really happened. It really is open to interpretation. It's a very trippy game,  playing it feels like you're taking LSD. Anyway, in the end, despite all the bad shit that happened to Fran, she says that she chooses to be happy, and she goes on to live with her friends that she acquired while on her adventure. It's just a game, but it made me realize that I have the gift of choice. Happiness is an option, not something elusive that is earned. Happiness is already here, I just need to accept it. I identify with Fran a lot, I feel like I can relate to her. I have been diagnosed with anxiety disorder and I was on meds for some time, although I keep it a secret. ~~Sometimes~~ Most of the times I see reality through a distorted lens. Through my eyes, everything is usually bigger and scarier than in reality. There are days when I feel the crushing weight of life on my shoulders. Days when it's just hard to even get out of bed and brush my teeth. But all in all, life is not bad. My life is far from perfect, but that is alright. It's fine with me. I can deal with this. I accept all the flaws in my story. I win some, lose some. That's just how it is. You can't have everything. The Buddhists say that happiness is a fleeting moment. And that is true to me. [info] None [info] 1486854620 [info] test
EgaoNoGenki-III [info] What jobs have the least stress, and may even RELIEVE stress in the line of work? I've been diagnosed with anxiety issues, so you know any job in the military isn't the answer.If you can help me find any of the *least* stressful jobs out there, and whose jobs could even *relieve* stress, I'll get you Reddit Gold through the pay I earn in that job if I get in it.I wish I was blessed in the gene pool with a better stress tolerance. [info] None [info] 1388727526 [info] test
LogOutOfLife [info] Idk man, you can think what you want. I cant really stop you. You're right, I do have deeper problems. I have been diagnosed with anxiety and adhd. My therapist thinks I may have some ptsd as well. I was just describing a time when I did not have meds. It's not roleplaying, maybe it's just the mix of all these thing together that gives me those symptoms. Idk how to convince you. [info] None [info] 1544835000 [info] test
sheriff1980 [info] Hey bud, I was diagnosed with anxiety a little over a year ago. I started having the same symptoms you are describing about 2 weeks ago. Through CBT training, I kinda told myself that it was all in my head, I started drinking GALLONS of water a day, peeing every 45 minutes or so. I went to the doc today and got tested, and sure enough I am diabetic. Don't let your anxiety diagnose you (or not diagnose you) go get checked. I am 37 years old and scared about what is happening to me. But at least I know it isn't all in my head.  [info] T2 / 2017 / PILLS  [info] 1496191296 [info] test
Krankdatsmash [info] Anyone else here get sore arms and fingers from anxiety? I've been diagnosed with anxiety recently and around that same time I noticed arm and hand pains. Anyone else have these kind of things? [info] None [info] 1486650418 [info] test
mrpookie27 [info] Please help me 24. Male. Am in pretty decent shape.I have been to the doctor 4 times since last November (once was for my yearly physical). I was diagnosed with anxiety and am on meds but hasn’t really helped.Symptoms: -I initially went to the doctor because I had been seeing a decent amount of blood when I wipe (Dr said this is hemorrhoids. I do believe him on this one because a few years ago I had an external one go come and go) - stomach bloating ( I have been feeling bloated on and off since November, (Dr said he couldn’t find  any enlarged organs or anything out of the ordinary when doing a physical exam of my stomach)- pale colored stools (this has only happened a couple of time)-not sure if they are fatty stools but I can see some undigested foods. - awful indigestion and heartburn (Dr gave me some medicine I take everyday for this and it has worked wonders)   - no weight loss or jaundice    I have been terrified I had colon cancer at the beginning and he reassured that I was fine. I didn’t get a colonoscopy but he did do a CEA blood test and it came back well within the normal range. Now I’m terrified something is wrong with my pancreas. My doctor said the bloating was muscle cramps in my stomach because it comes and goes but I’m still really worried. My complete blood test was normal (all bilirubin levels were normal, the only thing that was high was my cholesterol and not by much). Should I go see a different doctor to get a second opinion, or go back to mine and push for more tests? I’m definitely looking into therapy right now. [info] None [info] 1557634268 [info] test
