Zerimas [info] I was worried about the thighs being too small. In the last 4 months I went from wearing N&amp;F Weird Guys in size 30 (which actually measures 32" and they were stretch) to needing a 36" waist. Now that I have pants that I can wear, my next step is some kind of exercise regimen. I dunno. I think they look OK. Upon reviewing this potato quality picture, I noticed that my ass fills out the  pants—but the thighs not so much. From the front I find it to look pretty satisfactory. Maybe the goal of filling out the thighs will give me something to shoot for?I am probably overly self-conscious. I have never struggled with my weight. In a little less than 2 years since I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder I have gone from 140 pounds to about 210. Very distressing. [info] None [info] 1477084173 [info] test
OKC_Zeke1792 [info] The journey to 90 pounds of weight loss (long post) My situation was unique. I competed  in NPC men’s physique. I was placing well at tHR shows I did and was getting ready to make a push for nationals and beyond. Then I was hit across the face with something Inever saw coming. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and a mild form of psychosis. I had the symptoms for years, yet I thought everyone went through hearing voices or extreme highs and lows in personality. I thought I was “normal” After my last show in 2014, I didn’t place well. I was really feeling the symptoms of my illnesses and prep wasn’t what it should have been. I couldn’t cope well with the loss, so I turned to alcohol and hard drugs as an escape. In a span of 2 years, 2015-2017, i ballooned to 280 pounds. 100 pounds over my stage weight of 180 pounds. 2018 I decided enough was enough. I lost everything in 2018. My girlfriend, friends, and everything I thought I needed. A look in the mirror was like staring at a body that couldn’t sink. I was haunted by my own reflection. Instead of taking blame, I blamed everyone else. Then I hit a new low. I came to see I was the problem. April of 2018, i decided to change. I researched tracking macros and optimal splits designed around weaknesses. It was embarrassing going back to the very gym where I was in my best shape at one point and feeling like I didn’t belong. I fought through this. I subscribed to a site called hypertrophycoach in May of 2018. Everyday I would watch videos and eventually formulated my own split. I’ve been running a split now that targets my weak points with high frequency and my stronger parts with high intensity. IT IS TO NOTE THAT I STARTED TRACKING MORE INTENTIONALLY WHEN I HIT 230 POUNDS. Day 1: Delts, tricepDay 2: hams, quads Day 3: back, bicepDay 4: chest, rear deltDay 5: hams, biceps, triceps Day 6:  chest, back, deltWith the help of Joe Bennett, aka hypertrophycoach, I was able to make a split geared towards me weaknesses. PPL would often leave me tired or I’d forget to hit something. For cardio, I stuck with traditional bro style 2x day 4x week. Phase 1: 30 am 30 pm Phase 2; 45 am 35 pmPhase 3: 45 am 45 pm Phase 4: 1 hour am 45 pm Next time, I am going to count steps instead. Maybe do cardio 2-3x week single day? We will see. Nutrition was more streamline following a macro plan instead of a food plan. Although I ended up eating some of the same things each day, I enjoyed the freedom and the creativity that I could implement. I started with 240p 225c 65fChanged to 240p 205c 60f Then to 240p 185c 55f Lastly 230-240p 165c 50fThe result of sobriety, being medicated properly, and self care got me here https://i.imgur.com/KDc4bAH.jpgFor reference I am 5’11. I went from 280-190. My next plan is to hit 205 with single to low double digit body fat by September. I plan on competing again in 2020. For now, I want to enjoy my new frame and enjoy the happiness  I am experiencing. Being manic and hearing voices for so long makes you grateful for a clear mind. Thank you for reading my story. This community is a gold mine. I’ve learned a lot from you all and will continue to. [info] None [info] 1556127266 [info] test
lootscorne77 [info] Ps. I am diagnosed with bipolar. Still think that joke was funny af. Don't tell her [info] None [info] 1559402245 [info] test
DoneDigging [info] It's a call center job. It's been over a decade since I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I fortunately have a job where the occasional sleepless night is not a problem. They're awesome and really supportive. I probably have one every other month or so. I definitely make the best of it by using the time to read books, journal, listen to music and reflect.I'm not working today, so I will just have a low key day today and sleep well tonight. Thanks for the concern though.  [info] None [info] 1508593271 [info] test
Sansophia [info] I'm trying to reasonable, but frankly, I'd do informed consent over this guy and I'd NEVER recommend that to anyone not 100% certain.  Here's the thing, bipolar doesn't make you want to transition. Moreover, when I was diagnosed with bipolar in 2004, it was kinda kinda the go to for "We don't know what the fuck you have." I didn't have bipolar, I had gender dysphoria. I went into suicide watch in 2008 and told them I had gender dysphoria and the doctor, naw, you're just borderline.  If a doctor doesn't take Gender Dysphoria seriously, don't take them seriously. The time has long passed for that crap and you're not doing yourself any favors. [info] None [info] 1568276426 [info] test
WellOkayyThenn [info] It's weird knowing when I'm in my hypomania state. I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 last week. Today I realised I was being hypomanic. But it's not like I can just stop it. It gave me this weird feeling of being trapped in my mind. I didn't actually feel that happy, but I kept acting all excited and I was talking all fast and being all social. Being able to say "im in the middle of some hypomania" really freaks me out. I don't know how to explain it to anyone, and my therapist always looks at me like I'm crazy when I try to describe it, but hypomania makes me feel like I'm trapped inside my mind. Does anyone else get that? I don't know, it's odd. Sorry for the rambling spam, but honestly where else will I say this [info] None [info] 1510204329 [info] test
Smashcity [info] He sounds exactly like me and I was just diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I do the exact same things. What’s hard is that I am conscious of it now, but not during the times I do these things to my wife, friends, co workers, etc.Btw I’m not saying your husband has bipolar disorder. Just stating that I do the same things he does. [info] None [info] 1549216982 [info] test
theendofthisroad123 [info] Hello fellow bipolar personI hope you are doing well, I know full well how difficult it is to live with bipolar. I was diagnosed with bipolar 1 late 2015 and I've been trying to recover ever since.Personally I wouldn't write off going to the government psychologist. A couple of months ago I was going to clinical psychology regularly at RIPAS after my manic episode till she basically said that I was okay. It helped me a bit with coming down from mania. I saw her roughly once a month for about ten months. It didn't feel like it was enough initially, but after a while as I got progressively better i didn't feel like I needed to see her that much.  Personally I take medication to control my bipolar and for me it has helped immensely in controlling my moods, I wouldn't be able to live my life fully without it. I see a psychiatrist at RIPAS on regular basis for my bipolar which helps me a lot.  [info] None [info] 1485952829 [info] test
Meowjin [info] I want to leave Canada in a year to move to Australia. I need to save at least 1k a month but I can't stop spending money and I need tips on how to not spend! I'm terrible at these type of posts but essentially my current income take home is $2800 a month which will get increased in 3 months to ~ $3200 after I complete 8 weeks of skills training (where I will collect EI).I really hate it where I live.  I'll be turning 28 this month and I can't stand another day being idle and not seeing whats out there.   Originally my intention was to finish my ticket here (will be a 3rd year after this term), then travel, but I'm worried that by the time I get my ticket I'll be 30 and I'll lose my opportunity and my youth to see the world.I wont have any debt.  (I just filed 3 years of taxes, and the return I'm getting will wipe my Canada Student Loan debt clean).  I don't have any expenses (I own my home), my cellphone bill is 40 a month and my vehicle is no more than 200 a month and I can get by on eatting chicken breast, rice and protein vitamin mix and easily eat for 40 dollars a week.    My problem is I go out alot because I hate staying at home and I'll eat alot, then stop at starbucks and get a giant ice coffee, see some clothing/shoes that I think look awesome and buy them on a whim, or i'll snack, or i'll splurge at the bar, or go on some dates with some girls, which causes me to be dead broke.To hear my coworkers today say how glad they would be to be in my situation (most pay mortgages and obviously make more) and yet they manage to still save money and have a nice lifestyle just goes to show you how bad I am with money.  My impulse control sucks (I am diagnosed with bipolar/ADHD) and I know there is something I can do to tell myself to save money.There should be no reason that I shouldn't be able to save at least 1k a month if not MORE.  I just don't know how to train myself to not spend money on such useless shit that adds nothign to my life (except maybe to my waist line).   I know that I need at least 12 grand for Australia, should give me enough to be unemployed and get settled there and have a sizeable emergency fund if I have to leave Canada.  Even if my plan fizzles out by the end of the year I can have a large savings fund to get somewhere. Please help reddit! [info] None [info] 1420710913 [info] test
chronicallyilunicorn [info] I took depakote originally for seizures and hated it. I was constantly having to get blood drawn (to make sure it wasn't destroying some organ, I forgot which), and over time my hands began to have tremors that made even writing difficult. If you're a female, it can cause extreme birth defects on the unborn child. When I was diagnosed with bipolar I refused to be put back on it and was instead put on lamitcal. I had taken it before for seizures and the past couple years I've taken it for bipolar it has been great! I just don't think anyone should be put on depakote except if all else has failed. Just my opinion  [info] None [info] 1516940336 [info] test
thetruthhurts2016 [info] I was 12yrs old when Kurt Cobain committed suicide and wrote these words. 3yrs later I was diagnosed with bipolar and I held his same sentiment up until my late 20's(now 37)  Now I think it was just another one of the many excuses we tell ourselves when we can't find our way out of a hole. [info] None [info] 1563959844 [info] test
Shylamb [info] Was doing great, but feeling off now... I was diagnosed with bipolar in high school, got lots of therapy and was on medications for many many years. I finally weaned off the meds in grad school when I was trying to get pregnant with my son. I continued therapy and was doing great. I even got to a point where I stopped therapy. My son is now 5, and I have a 3 year old daughter as well. I'm usually pretty good at noticing an episode come on, and managing it well-I think I have a pretty mild form as I find that now I have better coping skills I am as functional as anyone else. However, recently I've been having surprise episodes of despair or mania-the mania is short lived and manageable, but my depressive episodes are getting harder and harder to manage. I feel like I'm not as good a mom as I could be or was before, and well, you probably know the drill. I'm emotional and I'm not being a good person to my husband or kids I feel. I've considered going back to therapy, but finding the time is hard. I do not want to go back on meds. I guess, in the end I'm just looking for a little support, and do you think it's possible I went into remission for a few years and it's just now coming back?Edit: sorry for any typos, I'm posting his from my iPad while I hid from my kids in the bathroom. [info] Bipolar NOS [info] 1417304677 [info] test
SunChild91 [info] I was diagnosed with anorexia when I was diagnosed with bipolar (and they definitely directly correlated) I still try to stay away from mirrors and I practically avoid showering even, but then I will completely binge eat for days, hate myself more, not eat, and so the cycle continues! I have started eating pretty much a zero fat diet, I stick to fruits veggies quinoa tea instead of coffee (although caffeine could definitely have something to do with it, I had to quit when I was first diagnosed, it had pretty much kept me hypo for like 5 years)etc.. That way things like yoghurt or a grilled cheese become really filling and satisfying like junk food. I seem to just become immediately addicted to sugar I feel like it does something to our bipolar chemical make up. If I don't have sugar like chocolate or something, I don't over eat as badly.. Oh and milo is good! I'm not sure if you get that in America but it's like hot chocolate and if you switch to tea (which also hydrates and detoxes and helps with weight loss!) after drinking tea all day if you get cravings for chocolate trust me, it's totally satisfying! Hope some of this helps...  [info] None [info] 1466725001 [info] test
amareevita [info] Not sure if this is quite what you're looking for, but I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I've been with my SO for two years, and I was diagnosed a few months before I started dating him. It was really rough at the start. I was still figuring it out and he didn't know any triggers... but to be fair, neither did I. Now, it's easier. I'm on medication for it and I am *strict* about taking them daily. I go to cognitive behavioral therapy once a week. We live together, so I know it's harder for him in that way. I try very hard to not show him the very worst moments, like the panic attacks, for example. I have them daily, but we're away from each other for most of the day, and see each other at night at home. He knows I have them, but he's never had one (I'm happy for him about that), so he won't exactly understand. It would stress him out greatly to see me in panic attack mode. He has before, because I wake up from sleep with them (when I can sleep, that is). He'll wake up right along with me and stay up with me for hours, talk to me, rub my back, and help me breathe. He is incredibly patient and understanding for being 21 (sounds bad, but I hope you understand what I mean).I don't want to lose him because of this. At the same time, I know it's incredibly difficult to be in a relationship with me. I try my hardest to be fair, but sometimes, some days, it just wins out. It's like dating two people at once, depressed me and then manic me. I am as open as I can be with him, but I don't lean every aspect of this diagnosis on him. Some days are better than others. It's incredibly difficult sometimes, but I really think how you approach it, attitude wise, is what matters. If you take your meds, go to therapy, and communicate, hopefully you can find someone who loves you despite your mental stability. Someone who doesn't see it as the thing that defines you, but rather something that is just another part of you.  [info] None [info] 1492746057 [info] test
wolfboy42 [info] It can be, but it's different for each person.  I was diagnosed with bipolar II, which was mild enough that the doctor put me on antidepressants to get through the lows along with guided mindfulness meditation sessions.  My manias only amount to me needing very little sleep, talking a mile a minute while jumping from topic to topic, and losing weight.  Sometimes I also become very irritable and get angry over what seems like little things in hindsight.  That's my least favorite symptom, but the mindfulness meditation helps manage it well.  I also think I get on my wife's nerves more during those times, but she is awesome and understands what's going on.Edit: added mindfulness treatment as I forgot it was something that was originally used but that I use on my own now.  Also added irritability as a symptom.Edit 2: As another user pointed out, Bipolar II doesn't experience true mania.  It's also not the symptom that I went to the doctor for.  At the end of the day, make sure you are open and honest with your doctor or therapist so that they can help you. [info] None [info] 1572322445 [info] test
Dorothyzbornaklewks [info] I’ll bite. Not a doctor, but I was diagnosed with bipolar/hypomania by 2 psychologists. I won’t say that is what she has, but the compulsive shopping, the focus on specific things, the fast speech with words out of order/incorrect words (like her mouth can’t catch up with her brain).... It could be a possibility.ETA: I don’t like to speculate on mental illness... However, it is sad that people around her can obviously see it and they don’t do anything to help her. [info] None [info] 1557410971 [info] test
stealthb0y [info] Bipolar 2 My mental health has been really bad lately and I just felt like venting a little about it and possibly getting to talk to others who experience similar problems. It helps not feelings alone with thisI'm diagnosed with bipolar 2, and my depressive swings outweigh my hypomanic ones by a ton. I can be feeling perfectly fine and something small will happen--or nothing at all!--and I fly into debilitating sadness and suicidal feelings and endless crying. Sometimes it lasts only a few hours but it can last for days at a time before I stabilize again, and I always feel so ridiculous for how I was acting when I was down. It feels like I become an entirely different person and I'm not in control of myself.I also can't help but feel bad for my friends when I'm hypomanic. I suddenly have energy, and I want to talk to them a ton and do things and I'm happy and social, just for it to inevitably go back down and I turn into a hermit for a period of time. Over the past week my friends have watched me go from crying for hours to cracking jokes and then back to silent sadness and so on and so forth. I can barely keep track of it, I can't imagine how it feels for them.I'm seeing a doctor and I'm on medication, which has helped, but I think what would really help right now is hearing from other people who can relate, so I appreciate anyone who reaches out. Thanks for reading and listening to me. I hope your day is well. [info] None [info] 1486922001 [info] test
theothersister [info] I was diagnosed with bipolar 1 a month ago, I'm 34. I told a select few family members I trust  and it went surprisingly well. Of course the few I have told, I had already dicussed the possibility of me having bipolar disorder before my diagnosis. Take some time to figure out how, when and who to tell. No matter what happens, know that you're not alone!  [info] None [info] 1525966251 [info] test
MaplelikeFirst [info] Honestly, not good. I was diagnosed with bipolar earlier this year. I’ve ruined a lot of shots in my fighting career because of it. Currently I’m in a pretty low period. Lots of trouble with my marriage, bills, and life. I’ve had a manager that wants me to pay him to get me more amateur fights. On the bright side though, I’m nationally ranked in Taekwondo and am sitting on a good record in that and have had decent showings in my last few tournaments. How are you, buddy? [info] EVERY KNOWN WEAKNESS [info] 1527643453 [info] test
TheMentalLizard [info] My therapist told me she wouldn't talk to me about my gender dysphoria unless I checked myself into a hospital so I did. I then realized I wasn't getting help and tried to leave because I thought I could since I went willingly. They threatened to take me to court keep me there against my will indefinitely. My blood pressure became 100 over 200. I almost died.They also oversedated a guy who was missing his left frontal lobe that he sleptwalked and hit his head and had to go to an actual hospital.Also when I checked myself in I told them I was diagnosed with bipolar at age six. They decided I didn't have that and that I had MDD and GAD. I do have GAD but I dont have MDD! [info] None [info] 1558294211 [info] test
DexterMorgan67 [info] As a teen, I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, but we kind of chalked it up to hormones and I was mostly fine. I know some of my behaviors are reflective of the disorder though, but the last time I was on medication I grew lethargic, gained over 100 lbs, and did actually try to commit suicide. However, that was over 10 years ago, and in my early teen's (14-15). I probably should work on seeing a therapist, but I'm taking 14 credit hours, work ~50 hours/week, and work out five times/week. I just don't have time. I know I should make time, but there's just no room. [info] None [info] 1460429006 [info] test
Tinesife [info] &gt;I was diagnosed with bipolar, but I don't believe that I actually have it.How'd that happen? [info] INTP [info] 1422231979 [info] test
throwawayreddit43 [info] Does anybody experience this delusion? I feel like the background conversations are describing what I am doing, my movements and all that. Not only so, they're showing me what to do as well. It's just bizarre. I'm diagnosed with bipolar 1 and thinking I may be schizophrenic as well. [info] None [info] 1480389159 [info] test
MadameMysteri [info] I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder almost 10 years ago. Zoloft didn't help at all. I tried several medications and none of them did a thing for me. Well, this year I was diagnosed with PTSD. And medication still isn't helping. [info] None [info] 1503519329 [info] test
BigTrain2000 [info] What Makes Someone an Empath? Am I One? I'm not a fervent believer in the paranormal. For example: I believe there are ghosts, I believe there are also demons and angels, all three by the Christian God's design. I consider Wiccans to simply be passionate lovers of nature, and don't believe in Karma. My logic is cool and collected, while my emotions are wild and unbridled. I have been diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder, and several psychiatrists have mentioned I have many qualities of an individual with borderline personality disorder. One psychiatrist told me to read up on "The Gifted Child," a book which details how individuals who endured abuse as children had to become hyper-tuned to the emotions of others as a survival skill (the abuser's momentarily raised eyebrow may indicate a beating later; the abuser's calm, shallow breathing may mean no food for a week.) I noticed I have many of these qualities, in regards to being hyper-tuned to emotions. So, what makes an empath? I think I may be one, but in the terms that I can sense other's hidden emotions and physically feel their emotions wth them. Not by any paranormal means. [info] None [info] 1485293831 [info] test
thetransfan [info] My 'mother' mocked me for having bipolar and almost taking my life. A lot of things are going wrong in my life (financial and personal) right now. I was diagnosed with bipolar 8 years ago and still struggle very much with it. I broke down in tears the other day at a family event. It came out of nowhere. My (very toxic) mother laughed, turned to my relative and said 'haha well she's always been fucked up, ignore her.' I walked quickly away to the bathroom and she laughed : 'if you're going to kill yourself, leave us a note this time!'That sums up her approach to me from a young age to now. It's so discouraging and needed to vent. I feel like shit. [info] None [info] 1570094627 [info] test
montilyetsss [info] Thank you so much. Dealing with mental illness is so hard, and I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder I, so being without my medication is hard and it causes my stress to go up and my emotions are even more heightened, it’s really hard but I’m hoping to find a psychiatrist hopefully this month so I get back on my meds and be in a more healthier place mentally before I start. It’s rough dealing with mental health issues but I’m trying. I’m really determined, despite the meltdowns, crying fits, anger fits I always said I’m going to college on way or the other I don’t care what it takes. I know everything is going to be okay!  [info] United States of America [info] 1554516494 [info] test
TheVampiricOne [info] nMother Denied Me From Getting Mental Health Treatment It seems I finally found a place where I can express how I grew up. I have a nMother. She has a severe drinking problem. Bad enough that she would fall out of her wheelchair (used because of neurapathy, now she just uses a cane) and she would shit on the floor. I took care of her through her cancer treatments and neuropathy that came from the treatments. I finally got the courage to move out a year ago when she was more independent and I was finally 18. The last straw was her breaking my nose and calling me a selfish bitch (for the 100th time). Here's a list of what she has done that has hurt me to this day:-Denied me mental health treatment while I was suicidal and self-harming (even after calls from the school)-Made my father's death all about her, even though she divorced him-Turns everything I talk to her about into something about her- I'm a firm believer she is a reason why I've been diagnosed with bipolar II disorder-She treats me like an awful person because I don't want to see her, but she hardly treats me like a person-Has made fun of me for seeking my own mental health treatment I understand she has had cancer and has a lot of trouble after the fact, but taking out everything on the people you claim to love is not the way to express your feelings. Thank you all very much for reading. I hope this made sense. I'm not great at expressing my thoughts. [info] None [info] 1549061153 [info] test
BrozBros [info] snappa.com is a great website for all things channel art. and [panzoid.com](https://panzoid.com) is good for intro videos. like the other commenter said, watching youtube videos about how to start a youtube channel are SUPER helpful, so I would start there and just kind of play around with it. I don't have any grand advice, as I am a beginning youtuber (just started a channel with my sister last week), but I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder half way through college (I was also a psychology major until I switched to neuroscience), so I just want to say how much I admire you for what you're trying to do, and also how much my heart aches for what you've been through (and I know that without a doubt you are one of the strongest people on this earth). If you private message me the link to your channel, I'd love to subscribe! I will definitely also be talking about my mental health issues on my own channel at some point down the line. Again, I very much admire you for what you're doing, and really wish you the best of luck.  [info] [1λ]  [info] 1551495653 [info] test
waffleretard [info] That is great news and gives me tons of hope. Like I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder before and like I just want to be free of having anything. Have confidence and goals again and all. Like I feel like my brain is just dead on the inside and like I am completely lost in what to do in life right now. I hope the acid gives me some sort of direction and purpose again.  [info] None [info] 1518034197 [info] test
EvilAngel13 [info] I was diagnosed with bipolar 1, schizoaffective disorder and borderline personality disorder years ago.  I was absolutely terrifed and heartbroken and embarrassed but I did believe it...and I spent about a year going to therapy and trying to find the right cocktail of medications that would help me "function normally" without making my entire life suck (lol).I ended up gaining a ton of weight and spent several months feeling emotionally numb, completely detached from everything and just sort of existing rather then living.  I pretty much gave up and bought into the drs and my (now ex) husband's assertions that this was how my life had to be and that wandering around in a numb, emotionless fog was better than riding the rollercoaster that was my life before. Until one of my daughters' best friends (they were elementary school age at the time) was hit by a car on her bicycle right in front of our home and did not make it.  And I felt nothing.  Literally, nothing.  Not at the accident scene. Not at the hospital.  Not while my 2 little girls were clinging to me for comfort.  Not at the funeral.  The night after the funeral I was trying so hard to just feel...something and it kind of dawned on me that the medications I was taking were the cause. I threw them all out and flushed them that very night and I haven't touched psych meds since.  I quit seeing all of the drs and therapists.  And have never gone back.  My (ex)husband tried ultimatums, coercion...even force to get me back on medication and back into treatment but I absolutely refused.  He ended up moving out and I filed for divorce immediately. It took some time to get everything out of my system and to sort of reshape my thoughts pertaining to mental illness, personality disorders and the field of psychiatric medicine.  While I do believe that mental illness obviously does exist and I would never ever discourage someone who feels they need help from seeking treatment. I also believe that sometimes drs/pdrs are too quick to diagnose and medicate what just a few years back would be considered personality traits but are now labeled as mental illness. I realize this isn't going to be a popular statement and I hope that I don't sound critical or judgmental or unsupportive. [info] None [info] 1563026171 [info] test
YOUREABOT [info] The line between logic/delusion gets really blurry during manic episodes, especially with the internet. Who's to say what's possible. Done different he might have actually been able to get Drake, or some other big name, to come out.  I just started to come down from about a two weeks of mania. I ended up doing a couple of mania fueled things (like deciding to raise money to fly from Taipei, Taiwan to Milwaukee to see a Wu-Tang concert…  haha ) I've been documenting the whole thing (in a long form sloppy way).  What I know, that other people don't, is that these "manic projects" often times have paydays at the end up them. Like, for example, in 2008/9 (while at the peak of my YouTube career) I won a laptop from Tim Ferriss and  a car with free gas and insurance from Ford (when the launched the Ford Fiesta). If anyone saw what I was doing and thinking to myself behind the scenes I was clearly manic in both cases (I was diagnosed with bipolar in 1999). I was actually off my meds too.  Anyhow… it's complex. The "delusions" can have very real positive effects. For example the delusion from my first manic episode set me on a path to becoming a serious martial artist.  Anyhow… there's a bit about me. :) Thanks for making this video. I subscribed and hit the bell button (the first time I've done that. :) ) [info] None [info] 1552291793 [info] test
Splinter1010 [info] Alright, here goes.It all started when I was molested at seven. I trusted her, I thought she just wanted a hug, but then she reached in my pants. Let me tell you, pedophiles are scum of the fucking Earth. They deserve to burn for eternity, with what they do to children. If they don't act on their urges, whatever, I don't care. But if they do...After that, even though I didn't fully comprehend what had happened, I was numb. I couldn't feel shit. I was just a walking shell. From fourth to seventh grade, I was bullied horribly. People telling me to kill myself, I got in fights, it was bad. I started cutting at age nine. I tried to kill myself three times at eleven. I was fucked up. I was depressed.I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in sixth grade, or when I was eleven. I went in a psychiatric hospital. I got medication, but it didn't work.I started hallucinating, and developed sociophobia, in ninth grade. Or around there somewhere. I had panic attacks every day, and by this time I was off medication for some reason, so I had nothing to help with my bipolar disorder.I went to a psychiatric hospital again, and was put on a different medication. That one worked for a while, then they switched me because of hormone levels, and that one worked until a few months ago.Now I'm seventeen, and fucked up with no medication to help. So yeah, it sucks.And that is why I haven't been happy for ten years. [info] None [info] 1403816015 [info] test
pkbooo [info] It sounds like this feeling isn't constant, but happens in phases.  Is that correct?  It can be a difficult cycle, to do really well and then fall really hard.  I wondered why that kept on happening to me, and then I was diagnosed with bipolar.  For me, part of the problem was I didn't feel like I needed to seek help when I was doing well and I wasn't able to seek help when I was low.  Do you think you might be able to talk with a doctor or therapist?  Regardless of where you go next, thank you for talking with us here.  I'm really glad to have you with us. [info] None [info] 1329003715 [info] test
mrgermy [info] When I was 15 and my parents checked me into the hospital I was diagnosed with bipolar too. It seems to be a pretty common misdiagnoses. I started a Slack group not too long ago for fellow redditors with BPD. If you'd like to join just DM me your email - we have some great supportive people in there. [info] None [info] 1493411465 [info] test
letsgoraps [info] This is the context, though it's not much better:&amp;#x200B;&gt;“I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I was connected with a neuropsychologist that works with the athletes in the NBA and the NFL. He looked at my brain. It’s equal on three parts. I’m gonna go ahead and drop some bombs for you: 98th percentile IQ test. I had a 75 percentile of all human beings when it was counting numbers backwards, so I’m gonna work on that one. The other ones, 98 percent. Tesla. Freud. So, he said that I actually wasn’t bipolar. I had sleep deprivation, which can cause dementia 10 to 20 years from now, where I wouldn’t even remember my son’s name.”&amp;#x200B; [info] None [info] 1539293115 [info] test
Cowhaus [info] Possible med change I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder 15 years ago. It took 5 years of different medications until I finally found lithium. I have been relatively stable for ten years. Last week, I was given some bad news. I have severe hyperthyroidism, most likely caused from the lithium. Tomorrow, I am going to see an endocrinologist who will be deciding if I need to change meds or if something else can be done. I am terrified. Finding the right meds was the most challenging time of my life. I had awful highs and lows, multiple allergic reactions and my marriage was on the rocks. I am worried that the next few months could be rough. I’m scared to have to learn to be unstable for a while and somehow manage to keep my life in order. I’m really glad I found this subreddit. I feel understood and supported here. Thank you. [info] None [info] 1533782448 [info] test
jessdudzlmt [info] I am sorry for your predicament. Like many others I experienced a similar scenario. My mom found out I was suicidal and refused to do anything about it. When I was an adult I was diagnosed with bipolar. I told my parents and they told me that it's not a real thing. They have always been dismissive of my mental health. My husband on the other hand has always been supportive, from the very moment he realized that something was wrong. I still struggle with my parents, but I have a new support system.I'm guessing you are under 18 and therefore you can not seek your own help. I hope you can find a friend or a teacher that you can trust to help you through these tough times. [info] None [info] 1557588461 [info] test
dollski- [info] It is weird how the cards work out, and how well they reflect our experiences. I have no experience in psychology, I'm diagnosed with bipolar II with psychotic features (but pretty sure I am schizoaffective, I've been experiencing psychotic episodes since childhood). These are just my personal reflections and experiences; Nine of Swords really just screams out scattered paranoid thoughts &amp; mental anguish to me (also the figure reminds me of my many nights up in bed trying to block out voices). The Moon; luna, lunatic, crazy. Secret shadows in the mind. I've seen the lunar effect when I worked in the nursing homes. In some shamanic cultures the mentally ill are seen as healers and their experiences as spiritual emergence, which is why I associate The High Priestess with mental illness when she is reversed. [info] The Emperor's Daughter [info] 1534688098 [info] test
Idontlike2color [info] Fun fact: I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, went to the psych wing at the hospital not once, not twice, but three times... and I bought a gun in about 5-10 minutes from a pawn shop. Granted I sold the back to them later... jussayin' those "checks" must've taken the day off. [info] None [info] 1565216556 [info] test
PoliticalMilkman [info] The unbalanced one. Switching between manic and angry, doing all the crazy stuff. Am I still like that? Yes, in fact I was just diagnosed with bipolar disorder, so the whole unbalanced thing really fit. [info] None [info] 1358399142 [info] test
rathumanoid [info] Just got prescribed lamictal I was diagnosed with bipolar and prescribed lamictal yesterday, took my first pill this morning. I noticed that it says do not start or stop taking birth control pills on the info sheet they gave me, i’ve been on bc for almost 4 years and about to start my inactive pills in 2 days. I don’t know what to do i’m scared of the side effects from “stopping” birth control for a week [info] None [info] 1545492968 [info] test
Hydroelectric_dam [info] I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 13. I am now 28 and in remission after years of counseling and treatment. Ultimately, I found the counseling and delving into philosophy and myself far more beneficial for my recovery than the drugs ever were, but I would be dead if I didn't have both. Based on what you just said about dosages, etc., I believe you probably have been diagnosed as well. Believe me when I say I understand wanting to get away from traditional meds. I urge you, however, to really think about the effects you are describing. It does not sound like you are experiencing remission, it sounds like you are hypomanic: you have it all figured out, what you have found "is love for everything and everyone" , "mystical effects" of the treatment you came up with.  I know how incredible it feels, but you are not better, and the crash that is coming is not worth it.   Do this microdosing thing if you want, but please at least be in counseling if you are trying a non-traditional approach. Please don't fight this battle alone, we don't all make it when we do. [info] None [info] 1458327663 [info] test
jimzsche [info] How do you endure pregnancy without mood regulating medication? I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I do not plan to become pregnant anytime soon. But when that day comes, I’m worried I won’t be able to go through a full pregnancy since I was an absolute mess before going on lithium and lamictal. With raging pregnancy hormones and the absence of mood regulators, I’m almost certain I’d have a manic episode or just become completely psychotic, which I’m sure would be harmful to the baby... and also every other facet of my life. I’d rather not spend 9 months in a straight jacket.  So to women with bipolar disorder who have successfully navigated a pregnancy, how did it go? How did you do it? Are you OK? Would you do it again? [info] None [info] 1537408095 [info] test
FusRoDontdothat [info] I've never been on adderal, I do have some kind of add, but not diagnosed. My family just thought I was a forgetful child. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder though.Well anyways, back when I was struggling with BPD, what money I didn't spend on rent went to beer and weed. I was always with a bad crowd. One day, were all hanging out at my place, and this guy whips out a big bag of meth. we're all partying, and I just want to get fucked up, so when he offered me some, I said sure.Now the point here is, I was expecting a high, I was expecting a burst of energy, I was expecting to get fucked up. Everyone else was tweaking, but not me, the effects I got from it are the same that I've heard of adderall.My brain slowed down which is rare for me, I had perfect concentration, I didn't even feel like partying anymore. I saw my keyboard(piano) across the room, plugged it in, threw my headphones on and went at it. That was around 11pm. The next time I looked at the clock, it was 7:30am and everyone had left. I was just in the zone playing piano, so concentrated on it that nothing else existed.Basically what I'm saying is, when you have add or ADHD and do amphetamines, you're going to get the same kind of effects whether its meth or adderall(which contains amphetamines). So essentially, they are the same thing. They may be two different substances, but they both affect the body in a similar fashion. Adderall is made to help people with add or ADHD concentrate, but if you do meth with add, you're going to get that same concentration adderall would give you.Now, I don't condone drug abuse(unless its pot), but have you ever done meth or adderall? [info] None [info] 1525202431 [info] test
halcyondazed88 [info] I keep seeing these distorted images and I’ll be honest. I debated whether or not I’d ever post this. I guess I was afraid writing about it would make it real, you know? I’m 23 and I live in Florida. I got my Bachelor’s in a big college town and officially moved there after graduation once I found work. I work as an entertainment news writer for a medium scale publication that I’ll keep anonymous for now, unless it becomes important in the future. It’s worth mentioning that I struggle with a fuckton in terms of my mental health. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder a few years back and recently got diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. I mention this because I’m used to fighting off thoughts and going against my own brain. So, I’d like to think that this is all a symptom, something that will eventually disappear like a bad depressive episode. See, I’ve always had a wild imagination. I’ll see shapes and faces in things most people don’t, like tile floors and ceiling patterns and fabrics. Usually, these images are pretty harmless. Or at least they were. Not too long ago, I wrote an article about Judy Garland. Journalism can be a rather cold-blooded industry sometimes. We write about the dead after they’re gone with such coldness, laying out their every flaw for the world to see just for good SEO and web traffic. It’s brutal, but necessary for us to stay afloat. I was fighting off a bad depressive episode that night. I had absolutely no energy and struggled to do any more than just stay in bed and sleep all day. I knew my job was on the line, but that was barely enough motivation to inspire me to push myself. So, by the time the sun went down, I was still trying to make up for a full day of writing. I decided to try and cash in on the attention that the new Judy Garland biopic was getting by writing a memorial piece on the late actress. The writing itself being a nightmare because of my hazy brain. There’s this specific website full of entertainment related photos we’re licensed to use. It rarely actually has anything relevant to what you’re looking for but I figured there would be an image I could use somewhere. I scrolled through black and white pictures for some time until I finally found what I was looking for. But it caught me off guard. One of the images seemed... off. I was so exhausted that I couldn’t pinpoint what was wrong with it exactly, nor could I really process what I was seeing. It was a black and white picture of Judy Garland, smiling, but something was off about it. Her face just... didn’t seem right somehow. Her features were kinda twisted. Her smile was a bit too wide, her teeth seemed a bit too animal-like, and her eyes seemed far too dark. I stared at Judy trying to figure out what some internet asshole had done to her, and she stared right back. Unnerved, I quickly went to the next page to find another picture. Any other picture. On the next page, another off-putting image was there to greet me. Judy’s eyes were glazed and wild looking. They looked to be staring right at me, but seeing nothing. Her head was warped into an odd impossible shape with the angle, but it looked natural at first glance. From the feral way she grinned, I half expected the picture to jump out and bite me. I rubbed my eyes, thinking the image would snap back to normal after. It didn’t. Judy continued to stare with her animalistic teeth bared in a smile. What the hell did they do to you, Judy? As I scrolled, I kept finding more and more of these.... weird distorted images. It wasn’t long before I started seeing pieces of her face and her insanely feral grin in my sheets, my tapestries, my walls... I felt surrounded. It was nearing 3:00am and my lack of sleep was really beginning to eat at me. Creeped out and exhausted, I just quickly picked the most normal pictures I could find and closed out of the website. I suddenly stopped caring about my production quota. Something about those images had put me off my work. I curled up and went to sleep. At some point during the night, I woke up to an odd noise that reminded me of a cat wheezing up a hairball. The pictures of Judy had me more freaked out than I originally thought, so I tried to reach for my phone for some kind of eye bleach. But I couldn’t move. In the corner of my eye, I saw a shape. A large shape. A body laying on my floor. I wanted to move. I wanted to scream. I wanted to run. I couldn’t move. But the body did. It slowly sat up and turned to my direction. It was too dark for me to see its features but it started to move toward me. It crawled into bed with me as I silently screamed for help. It came closer and closer and I began to notice it’s disturbing features. Flint black eyes that didn’t blink. Only stared back into my eyes, emotionlessly. A pale, bald head. And a row of feral, grinning teeth. It sat on my chest and stared down at me. I gasped for breath and tried to push it off, my body locked in fear. Its head inched closer and closer to mine, baring those horrible teeth... I then screamed myself awake from another nightmarish episode of sleep paralysis. When the fuck would it end, I wondered to myself with annoyance. I dug through my bedside drawer in search of my water pipe. A loud thumping noise caused me to jump and drop everything, spilling weed and bong water all over my bed. Damn neighbors, I thought. I got up and lazily cleaned the mess off my bed before stumbling into the bathroom for a quick smoke. I stared at myself in the mirror for a long time, trying to find distortions in my own face like I did Judy’s. Nothing. The thumping continued and I thought for a moment that there could be someone outside. I peeked through my curtains and didn’t see anyone. Right then, an odd dark shape quickly crawled past, like a spider. I quickly jumped away from the blinds, my heart in my throat. Go look, my brain ordered, stop being a coward. Against all my better instincts, I obeyed and slowly opened my front door...I could still see the spider-like thing running about through the field below my apartment. Though, I don’t think it could see me. I couldn’t tell what it was from a distance, but heard its snarl and decided to head back to bed before I freaked myself out anymore. I knew of a three-legged stray dog that often ran around the property after dark, and tried to convince myself that this was the explanation for the odd noises and unnatural movement of the creature. But the thing is, that thing outside moved too quickly even for a dog. I did my best to force it out of my mind, promising myself that I’d never walk around my complex this late out of fear of encountering that thing again. I drifted into a warm, yet uneasy sleep. I kept seeing the images and shapes in my head over and over and over. The spider creature. Judy’s smile. The body on my floor. I kept trying to use the binder of mindfulness skills from my treatment center, but the images continued to make their way into my brain. It’s been like this for weeks, guys, and I’ve barely slept. I can still see the large shape of a pale, twisted body sprawled out on my floor. I keep hearing all sorts of odd noises throughout the night like violent wheezing sounds and guttural croaks. I can’t find the source of them. Even now, I can’t rest and can’t sleep in my own room. These distorted images and sounds just keep getting worse and I think I’m going crazy. I’m going to try and get out of the house today. Maybe that will put my mind at ease. In the meantime, has anyone experienced anything like this? [info] None [info] 1570978874 [info] test
Adventure_Lover [info] I'm downvoting you. I was diagnosed with bipolar type 2 for a long time. If they don't realize why slapping another person hard is wrong, then you stop dating them. Mental illness is not an excuse for bad behavior, ever.  [info] None [info] 1461221721 [info] test
tjcomputer92 [info] I've been on Lamictal going on 5 years now with no side effects. It's one of my life saving drugs and I was originally prescribed it for the same reason before I was diagnosed with bipolar ( I'm not a your doctor so idk your symptoms). But for me if was life-changing I slowly got my life back. [info] None [info] 1565275681 [info] test
applecored972 [info] Why try I think I have hit the point of being meh in how I feel.  I'll put this into context a few weeks ago I was diagnosed with bipolar 1 and bpd since then I just don't feel like me.  On the one hand I am finally happy that I have it and it's been confirmed but at the same time I feel like I have lost parts of me and that I can't feel much like myself.  I am torn. [info] None [info] 1576019474 [info] test
Aden_Sickle [info] A couple of years ago I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, "strong anti social tendancies" and a schizoid affect. I have atypicsl reactions to most drugs, especially psychotropic drugs so taking any kind of medication comes with serious risks. It was decided that the best way to treat my psychosis was to not treat it. I smile and wave a lot and most people think I'm this happy well adjusted normal adult. In reality I smiling cause I'm envisioning all the terrible things that could happen to you.On the outside: "his Josh. Nice to meet you."On the inside: "do I look like I give a fuck about you or your name. I hope you fall into a valcano and die." [info] None [info] 1347900861 [info] test
gelevra111 [info] Way too realistic dreams Anyone has problems distinguishing dreams from reality? It takes me a while in the morning to get over my dreams (especially nightmares). I noticed that my dreams directly affect my day - i tend to be mad toward someone i dreamed of for something he did in the dream. I'm diagnosed with bipolar spectrum (not fully  defined yet), currently on fluxetine only, doc wants to add mood stabilizers. [info] None [info] 1576736246 [info] test
dats_fine [info] Did she say this to your dad"sweetie I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder im sorry"That bish should say sorry to you cause you were the one who was hurt not your father who knew He is such a "fantastic" father [info] None [info] 1574595229 [info] test
ForTheLongestTime [info] I cannot even express how frustrating that is. I was diagnosed with bipolar-II in April, after dropping out of school because I could neither think, sleep, remember peoples names, or go to class. I had these problems since last December, which makes this the fourteenth month of symptoms. I've gone to neurologists, sleep labs, psychiatrists, psychologists, had extensive blood panels, and more. From what I've read, and in my opinion, I may be on the bipolar spectrum, but I'm not at all full-blown Bi-polar II. I simply have never had a manic, hypomanic, or even excited episode. Even my psychologists agree that I don't present, nor have I ever presented, with manic or hypomanic symptoms. So, in short, while I have a very sharp and dedicated psychiatrist, she simply has not addressed the problem in any way. I dropped out of my tier-1 research university, turned down the biggest research opportunity of my life, and haven't been able to read well for fourteen months. Obviously I'm very frustrated. I think that I, like everyone else in my small town, walks into the office, says they're having a hard time, and is instantly diagnosed with bipolar-II. As a not-so-funny-anecdote, I think the best part about going to see her is doing the backwards numbers test. Prior to this, I could do 9 - 10 with 75% consistency. Doctors will say that this is pretty good, but all of my friends seem to be able to do about 8 - 9, so I highly doubt it is. Well, currently I can do about 7 - 8 at 75% consistency, and 9 at 25%. My mother can do better. My psychiatrist constantly reminds me, when I say that I am far, far away from what I used to do, that I do better than everyone in her office. Then I remind her that almost everyone else she sees is a geriatric. tldr: I don't think I'm bipolar, and I've lost 10 months of my life to a woman who thinks I am. That felt good.  [info] None [info] 1329123499 [info] test
d_litt1 [info] Any other ENFP's that suffer from bipolar disorder? I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder about a year ago, and I recently found that I'm an ENFP. I noticed a lot of similarities between the two. I'm also looking to overcome certain issues I.e. finding a job/career that fits well. Meeting new people, and overall motivation to move forward on my ideas/goals. Anybody else find a way to do these things? Your response would be much appreciated! [info] None [info] 1539378639 [info] test
doct_quinn [info] I agree with this so much.  I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 and PTSD, and it took years for me to accept it.  I went to so many different doctors hoping that everyone was wrong, but all of them kept saying the same thing.  When you actually have a mental illness, chances are when you're first diagnosed you aren't going to immediately accept it and start labeling yourself as that.  I was first diagnosed with PTSD 4 years ago, and only recently told someone other than my mother.  (And that was because I had a minor freakout, and felt the need to kind of explain it.  No one was surprised to find out at all.)  I feel like one of the biggest ways to tell if someone is a self diagnoser is by how quickly they make that label their entire existence.  For me at least, mental illness is only a small facet of who I am. [info] dovah-kin [info] 1377235285 [info] test
thecalicreole [info] I've messed up... So 3 months ago I was in Los Angeles for about 3 years. Within those 3 years I got depressed and had hypomania. I was doing the usual: unsafe sex with everyone, spending all my money, etc. Turns out I was diagnosed with bipolar 2. I went to therapy, learned coping techniques, and was put on Abilify. Everything was going great even though in the beginning, the meds were making me tired all the time. Then one day I felt different after missing sleep and my diet changes. I was very emotional and existential. My mood went to shit. Impulsively I wanted to go back home to New Orleans so I can be around family. So I quit my job, lucky my boss was very understanding and stated I am welcome back, and moved back home. Now I'm here in the worst state for mental health services and with a family that's not understanding of bipolar disorder. My meds are gone and I feel nothing. I feel like I've made a big mistake and want to go back to my real home in Los Angeles. I have a lil bit of a plan to save money after getting a low paying job and move back in either November or December. I also want to start college when I go back (I'm 20 bi male). But how do I stay on track with no access to meds or support? I still talk to my west coast therapist but it's not enough with my meds. [info] None [info] 1439927939 [info] test
entombedgosling [info] can anyone relate to this? This would happen even when I wasn't in episodes.  I am diagnosed with bipolar II.  But some people say it sounds more schizophrenic.  I used to have intense fear of paranormal situations.  I was absolutely afraid of ghosts and of being abducted by aliens.  I could not go outside at night, drive at night, or sleep at night.  As soon as I would walk outside I would see images and imagine things, and as soon as that would happen I would have a feeling of complete horror, like something was standing right behind me, and I would constantly look behind my back.  This might not sound bad, but I literally could not sleep until it was light out for fear of being abducted.  I actually hallucinated once and saw the aliens on my back porch and actually called my parents who were able to talk me down.  I have not had a single one of these thoughts now that I am on Risperdal, so it has been at least 1.5 to 2 years, thank god, because they were really scary.  Can anyone relate?Edit:  I also had an auditory hallucination of someone aggressively whistling to get my attention while I was hunting.  I know it wasn't real but it scared me so much I fired a warning shot and was yelling who is there?  No answer.  I ended up crying and running out of the woods.  It took me 1.5 hours to get out of the woods because I was in the middle of nowhere and I was scared to death and thought I was being followed on the way out.  Not a fun day. [info] None [info] 1472274591 [info] test
jamide [info] Ashamed of How I Acted While Manic A bit of background, I grew up in a small southern town. I graduated in the top 10% of my class with honors and multiple music awards. My mother is bipolar, but I did not know this until after my diagnosis. My best friend and I got accepted to the same college and we decided to be roommates. I had to go to school before her for band camp and I had a lot of fun. By the time she got there, according to her and my parents, I was acting a little strange. I have few memories of this time, but I know I was staying out late, putting myself in risky situations, and lying to my family and friends. The situation escalated until I finally met a guy who convinced me to try K2. I had a bad experience and ended up going home with my parents. I subsequently went to two different emergency rooms. At this point I was pretty delusional. Now comes the part I'm most ashamed of. I had some bruises on my thighs and I truly believed that the guy that gave me the k2 raped me. He didn't. But that didn't stop me from telling everyone that I knew at school that he did and that they should stay away from him. I was hospitalized for about a week, and I wasn't right for about two weeks after that. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and put on meds. I knew at that point I'd had a manic episode. I returned to school, but after my very first class, I was hit by a taxi cab in a crosswalk and I had to drop out because I couldn't get to class on crutches. It's been about six months and I've been volunteering and going to church. I'm not sure when I'll be able to return to school, but sometimes I'm not even sure if I want to go back after the ass I made of myself. I really struggle with feeling ashamed of what I did and how I hurt my family and friends. [info] None [info] 1397939674 [info] test
Jizzanthapuss [info] New here. Bipolar but not a major alcoholic. I was just diagnosed with bipolar disorder which really makes the majority of my life make sense. Liquor has always been a factor in my mood swings, and for that reason I quit drinking about 2 months ago. But now I'm really craving a beer. Now I have a friend who's an alcoholic, and he CANNOT have a single beer and call it a night... But that is something I have always had no problems doing. I rarely would binge drink and even when I did, it only pushed me into a manic episode half of the time (Which is the big concern here) Now the problem is that even a single beer has the potential to push me into a manic episode. Even thought the effects of the alcohol have hardly taken place, it might be enough to make me hypo manic. This is what scares me and what made me quit drinking in the first place. But to be honest, it would be worth it to me to have a beer with a nice dinner and go home and sleep, even if I risked the mania. Does anybody know what I'm talking about? Thanks for reading. [info] None [info] 1395699215 [info] test
calcoteivy97 [info] New Relationship So I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder after being hospitalized for a suicide attempt. That was in July 2018. I had just gotten out of an abusive relationship January 2018, and went into mania for a few months... lots of partying, tattoos, spending, etc. Then I hit rock bottom. I was living alone, and working 3 jobs in order to support myself. Anyways in September, I met this amazing guy... absolutely perfect. I’m 21 and he’s 30 (large age gap, I know). I was honest with him from the beginning, and told him I was bipolar. He’s been extremely supportive. We became exclusive in November. I was head over heels for him and the happiest I’ve ever been, until recently. Something in my mind is telling me that I don’t deserve to be happy, that he doesn’t deserve to deal with this, and that I need to break it off to avoid heartbreak on both ends. I’ve felt extremely alone, even though he’s introduced me to his friend group and accepted me as one of them. His friends even told me “not to ruin it” because we are the perfect match for each other and he’s the happiest he’s ever been. I’m struggling with keeping myself together. I don’t want him to know I’m going through this struggle. Last night I messaged him and told him that if at any point that he was compromising his own happiness to try and make me happy, to not be afraid of hurting me and break it off. I really upset him by saying that. I struggle with keeping myself from saying things I don’t necessarily mean but my head is saying. I’m literally tearing myself to pieces trying to keep myself from breaking it off, because I know this is a depressive episode and I’ll regret it later. [info] None [info] 1548807566 [info] test
IamAtticus19 [info] I used to be a teacher and now I make more money to do less work. I hate it. Two years ago I quit teaching to work on my mental health. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder which seems to be a good fit. My medication is doing wonders and I am so ready to go back to teaching. But I am worried. Last year I applied at some places and I got 0 interviews. This year my old job called me and begged me to come back to work at their school in my old position. (apparently my replacement is not cutting the mustard.) This offer gives me mixed feelings.   My current job pays me more than my teaching job but I absolutely hate it here. I am a receptionist. I answer a phone when I used to shape children. My coworkers are all 60+, I am about to turn 30. I cant relate to anyone here. I feel so meaningless here. I know a lot of people are working a job they hate right now. What is your job and why do you hate it? [info] None [info] 1581438656 [info] test
hgdash1234 [info] I know exactly how you feel. My parents are very anti-mental Illness and when I was diagnosed with bipolar had me see another doctor. He took me off my lithiumCold turkey then went on vacation the next day. I ended up in the hospital psych ward for 28 days.  [info] None [info] 1527850213 [info] test
Lakela_8204 [info] I was diagnosed with bipolar at one point. Turns out it was ADHD.  [info] None [info] 1550006039 [info] test
EurekaErika [info] I feel like I'm making this all up in my head... I was diagnosed with bipolar type 1 disorder in January of 2017. I have always struggled with medications and adjustments. I'm finally on a decent combination (I think), but I cant help but wonder if I'm actually bipolar. I know logically it's the meds doing what they're supposed to, but what if the doctors are wrong and the meds have a placebo effect on me. Is that a thing? Or do I just think too much? I've put my family through a lot and i always feel really guilty about it. But it's even worse wondering if I've made it all up. Someone please help. I'm really anxious and i cant stop thinking. [info] None [info] 1575334021 [info] test
onegira [info] You too, huh? I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2, and in the past, the symptoms would be worst during times of severe mental stress. Ever since I came out, it's like all that mental stress has been lifted, and my mood has become way more controllable. [info] 36, HRT 3/8/19 [info] 1552139447 [info] test
peaceey [info] I don't know about your specific diagnosis, but I can share my experience. I took `shrooms before I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 and got really paranoid. I thought that my friends were making fun of me and then laid down and sweat a lot. It was a pretty bad experience and I don't know if I would try them again.  [info] None [info] 1410821706 [info] test
whatahorriblestory [info] Ever since I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 10 years ago in high school it has been a struggle.  I managed to hobble through school and university by making good use of my support network and coping strategies.  It was tough and took me a lot longer than it took everyone else, I struggled a lot but now...now I work as a Peer Specialist for a crisis mental health team.  I wouldn't have this position without the experience and lessons afforded to me by this diagnosis (or the diagnosis itself).Even with a bad hypomanic episode my first week on the job, knowing when to ask for help, finding that right medication combination and having the proper coping strategies and habits in place...It can be done.  I know it looks bad now, but you can get through this.  This disorder sucks a lot of the time, but it does have a lot to teach us about managing ourselves if we are willing to learn. [info] None [info] 1422224775 [info] test
yetteh [info] I used to do this a few years back, I was diagnosed with bipolar and after treatment I haven't done it since. This guy may just be a psycho control freak or he may have a mental issue. It makes you think everyone hates you. Just a heads up =) [info] None [info] 1445871431 [info] test
UmbraNyx [info] I think I might have some form of epilepsy. Starting when I was 19, I would occasionally have episodes where time would slow down, everything felt unreal, and I could barely move or speak. Like, I couldn't physically make myself do it, even if I wanted to. I would also get vivid images and sounds in my head, sort of like a daydream, but far more intense and out of my control.I got a sleep-deprived EEG that turned up nothing. Later I spoke with a psychiatrist who thought they might be dissociative episodes. I was in a very dark period in my life, so it's not out of the question.A few years later I was diagnosed with bipolar II, and the medication I was prescribed for it is also used to treat epilepsy. I haven't had an episode since. It could be that my improved mental state meant that I stopped dissociating, but I'll probably never know for sure. [info] None [info] 1566066054 [info] test
Twenty8k [info] [REQ] $800 to keep from going homeless. Full situation inside. Will repay minimum $225 every 2 weeks to repay you $900 in total. So, I lost my job due to medical reasons and have been scraping by on unemployment. I was diagnosed with bipolar and insomnia last year, and had a very hard time adjusting to medications, while the side effects of blood pressure drops were taking place too. My unemployment runs out next week, but fortunately I landed a really nice job, but I won't be able to start until March 25th. The $800 will go strictly to my mortgage, which is running behind. I have some to put into it already, but I'll be at risk of losing the house if I don't catch up entirely... My wife is still currently looking for a job after she was laid off for downsizing recently, but since I'll be bringing in $18/hr full time with possible overtime (which I'll be aggressively going for anyway when i can) so repayment will be no issue whatsoever. I have until March 29th to get the payment in to avoid losing the house... I have already contacted section 8 and all other local assistance groups (salvation army and related as well) but none are accepting new applications till around may or June, and section 8 wants me to have already started a job first before they'll even accept an application, but by then it'll be needless. I can start repayments around the first or 2nd week of April at the absolute latest. I am in Reading, PA area. Thanks. PayPal ok. [info] None [info] 1426564113 [info] test
undiagnosedinsanity [info] Consult with your psychiatrist. Before I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder I was on Cymbalta. I experienced the same type of feelings (which were actually hypomania) and I thought I was just feeling better. I ended up having a full blown manic episode and was hospitalized in a psych ward. It could be nothing but it also could be something so talk with your doctor. [info] None [info] 1394752244 [info] test
facefulloffuzz [info] Mental health is a good point and I agree. I just struggle on what would disqualify someone. After I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder I surrendered my fire arm to the local police department. Had no legal obligation to do so but I just wanted to ensure safety for everyone. Last thing I would ever want to is to be off my rocker with a gun in my hand. Probably not likely, but always safe than sorry. [info] None [info] 1565305103 [info] test
Em42 [info] I have absence seizures (I know nothing like those of you with really serious, disruptive forms of epilepsy) and bipolar disorder.  I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder 20 years ago, I'm 33, I've probably taken around 100 different medications in countless combinations, so I know meds suck, they don't work as advertised, the side effects are hell, drug regiments are complex and difficult to follow, I'm taking 7 different drugs right now at 4 different times a day.  One drug I've been on for a few years is Lamictal and it actually makes me less depressed (and with Topamax no more absence seizures yay), I don't know if it would have that effect if I weren't also bipolar, but it might.  It does dumb me down some (not as much as Topamax, honestly they should have just named that one Stupamax) but that effect has dissipated over time and isn't as bad now (plus I'm lucky I won the genetic lottery and have the IQ points to spare which helps some but I still fucking hate it).  Maybe they could try changing things up or adding something with some mood stabilizing properties to the therapy you're already on.  It's worth taking to your doctor about.Since I'm also bipolar I've had many suicidal thoughts over the years so I can really relate to how you must be feeling.  They come in a few forms, the "I just don't want to go on living" kind, which are the least serious but still very upsetting, the "I want to kill myself" kind (but have no plan), which is a little worse and really hard to cope with, and the "I'm going to kill myself and I know how and I know when" that last one, if you're having that, go to an ER and tell them you want to die and you have a plan.  You're a danger to yourself and you need help.  The first two fall under what's known as "suicidal ideation" the last one does not, it's the serious kind, when you start planning you really need help.  I hope you feel better soon, life isn't all shit, even when it seems like it is.  There are a lot of good things out there even if they aren't what you originally set out to do, I was pre-med before I became too sick to finish my schooling, being a doctor was all I ever wanted to do.  In some ways it became a trap and I've never been able to move on because that was the only plan I had.  I worked a lot of bullshit jobs since then.  I had a baby, unfortunately not with a nice guy (he beat me), but my son (11 now) while he has some issues (high functioning autism, ADHD) is really smart and kind and funny, I probably wouldn't have made it all these years without him.  I'm trying to get disability since I haven't been able to work since 2013, I figure if I do then I'll take a painting class or a bonsai class at the local botanical garden or something, get myself out of the house a couple days a week.  There are positive experiences that you're are still capable of having even if they aren't the super driven ideals you had in mind for your life.  You can still contribute to things in a positive way, there's always a need for people to do charity work and that's something you could do a bit of to keep busy while you job hunt.  I've done some work at shelters for victims of domestic violence (it was a good fit since I was a victim at one point in my life) and I found it to be really rewarding, I never left there feeling bad about myself, I always left feeling like I had done something meaningful, something good, it always made me feel better knowing I had made even a small difference in someone's life.What you're feeling now, it's not forever.  Things will look up again, maybe not how you expect, but they will, I promise.  I know it's cliche, but it's true, suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.  Every single person that has ever jumped off the golden gate bridge and lived says pretty much the same thing, to paraphrase "about half way down I realized all my problems were fixable except that I was falling to my death."  You will make it through this, you've gotten this far, I can tell from what you wrote that you're a strong person, forget about throwing in the towel and just focus on the little things that make life just a little better.  It's just like I tell my son everyday **"what are we going to do?"**  **"We're going to try to make today just a little bit better than yesterday"** you're not looking for a miracle, it's about **Progress Not Perfection**. [info] None [info] 1442621498 [info] test
jerbyjerby [info] My username is the same as it is here. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder which was then diagnosed as schizophrenia when I started becoming psychotic. I'll add you! [info]  [info] 1531386895 [info] test
