Cobra5210 [info] Similar experience, my first hypomanic episode was brought on by Zoloft. I was diagnosed with depression and actually have Bipolar I had a lot of religious feelings despite being an atheist previously. I started going to church and trying to convert my friends. This is a common reaction that Bipolar people have when prescribed antidepressants.  [info] None [info] 1483679842 [info] test
xTRS [info] I registered with the Services for Students with Disabilities after I was diagnosed with depression. I felt the same way about special treatment, but my therapist convinced me to register and have the letter prepared for my professors at the start of the semester. I could hand it to them and explain that it was a failsafe and I don't intend to use/abuse it. It saved my ass on classes that took attendance because there were some days/weeks that I was just unable to leave the house.This advice may be too late for you, but maybe someone else in this thread may be inspired. The University does not want to fail students that are putting in as much effort as they can. They recognize that sometimes "as much as you can" is not the same for everyone. [info] None [info] 1477473537 [info] test
breadstick69 [info] In third grade, my principal came to my class and told everyone I had Asperger's while I wasn't there. When I came back no one wanted to talk to me. We don't have middle school in Australia, but High School was no different. I still had no friends, got picked on, spit on and got attacked in 12th gradeafter which my mum withdrew me from school. I never finished, never went to college or university either.I was diagnosed with depression at age 7 and that was the same age I had the first of many suicide attempts. The closest friends I had growing up were my cousin and my World of Warcraft guild mates. So yeah, I'm definitely no 'chad' and while I can scrub up okay for photos [sometimes](http://imgur.com/a/SI0vB), I still usually look like a [fucking goober](http://imgur.com/a/UEaLn).I'm also 17kgs underweight and my last girlfriend was confused about my gender, so she waited until a month into the relationship to awkwardly ask me what genitals I had. So, really, it doesn't matter if you're an autistic skeleton with no dick. [info] None [info] 1489798786 [info] test
adriaticpatrick [info] &gt; Are you really gonna tell yourself you don't get better because you're "depressed"? (no offense to people who are actually depressed) I have been diagnosed with depression by a trained psychiatric doctor.  [info] None [info] 1504054381 [info] test
rainfallrose [info] Yes, it is **extremely** annoying and closeminded. I've told one boss who proceeded to tell me that I didn't "look" autistic, saying I was too "pretty, attractive, and pleasant". As if you can tell autism by looks and autistic people can't be attractive or pleasant. Another boss told me that I was so "competent and smart", as if autistic people are all incompetent/stupid? It seems petty, but being what people deem "objectively attractive" makes it harder because I have to try so much to fit this exterior image of pretty, smart, nice girl when I actually have struggled with autism my whole life. It's the same with depression too. I was diagnosed with depression and people couldn't believe it because I wasn't "crazy, unkempt, unattractive" whatever stereotypes people have about those with a mental illness. [info] Aspergirl [info] 1531971270 [info] test
SortedN2Slytherin [info] I feel the same way you do.  I have been diagnosed with depression and am an introvert.  I have to force myself to get up and interact with people, and got a second social job (Starbucks) on weekends as a means of forcing myself to get out there.  I go to the gym nearly every day after work and feel good, but once the endorphin high wears off, I am back to feeling very meh and sometimes hopeless.  I benefit from seeing a therapist because 1) I like having a completely unbiased 3rd party to talk things out with, and 2) because she is trained to see things in a way my friends and family are not.  Give it a try, maybe 3-5 sessions.  You may have more to work through than you realize.  If not, so be it.  I hope you don't feel the need to apologize for who you are, because I don't think anyone ever should.  Unless they're blatantly offensive assholes.  But living with depression is not something you owe anyone an apology or explanation for.Good luck. [info] None [info] 1503940018 [info] test
FadeJunior [info] Dude, I'm in SLC as well and I cannot agree more with the bleakness of the inversion. I was diagnosed with ADHD at a young age, around 9 or 10. Years later I was diagnosed with depression (age 16 -17 IIRC). I've recently gotten back on the meds for ADHD but I still feel this lingering sadness 24/7. So, yes. People can be both suffering from ADHD and depression as two seperate entities. I'm currently trying to get an appointment to figure out my options with the depression because the 30 minute high from the Adderall isn't getting me through the day. I feel the effects in being able to focus and speak better, but my mood dies down after the initial half hour. [info] None [info] 1422659331 [info] test
th1341 [info] I was diagnosed with depression at 12. I'm 19 now and wish I had found d this sub when I was 12. Dank memes may have healed me [info] None [info] 1471962727 [info] test
Yelesa [info] Which makes me wonder, what’s so shameful to have depression? I have been diagnosed with depression. I don’t want to have it, but I don’t think of it as something to be ashamed of. In fact, the diagnosis and then the ongoing treatement have set me free of the shame.Since I have started treating it, I have realized that aspects of me that cause me major problems in life and make me ashamed of myself —such as procrastination, escapism, and anti-social tendencies—are not my personality, they are symptoms of my chemically unbalanced brain. I used to think that’s just the way I was for years but it wasn’t true. I’m not like that. I’m productive, empathetic and I’m great at balacing things I want with things I have to do. People want to spend time with me now because they find me pleasant and reliable. This makes me want to break down from happiness, I have lost so many years of my life to this monster. But I have found so much self-esteem now. I thought I was weak, it’s so relieving to know that’s not true.Please OP, take this in consideration. It might not be your personality what you are describing, the brain chemistry is just fucked. You shouldn’t feel guilt to do what you want when it doesn’t affect anyone else negatively. If you do, something is brewing in you and you need to question that.  [info] None [info] 1539894115 [info] test
Adassai_nova [info] I was diagnosed with depression when I was 12, but I remember being depressed even in elementary school. I have literally no memory of what it's like to be happy. And for my entire life, all my depression has done is get worse; there has never been relief or improvement, just a constant slide further into darkness.I'm at the point now where I have no goals in life. I used to strive to better myself- even if it was self-destructive goals like my underweight GW. Now I have no goals, literally nothing I want to do. I don't have any interests. I don't even want to play videogames anymore. I stopped horseback riding which was, prior to this, my passion. Now I couldn't care less.I want to die. I have a plan. Its actually the only thing towards which I look eagerly. Death is the only adventure that interests me.The problem is that I have a husband I love, who has emotional vulnerability of his own. I don't want to hurt him. I legitimately don't know if he could handle me dying. In fact, I would bet otherwise.But I don't know what else to do. I started therapy at the age of 4. I've been through nearly all medications, tried all different types of therapy, seen a dozen different psychiatrists; nothing has worked to fix me, and I am at a point where I legitimately don't think there's a solution for me. [info] Age: 25 | BMI: 21.4 | Gender: M | Dx: BN [info] 1521750197 [info] test
themaekster [info] I know that I'm late but what the hell, I need to vent. When I was back in the 5th grade, my mom and dad got a divorce. And not the clean type either, it was a very rough one. Dad cheated, mom went batshit and drove me, my brother and a few other relatives 1000km north of where I live just to got bitch slap him and stuff. So after all that was done I had to sit through the proceedings of the divorce. Because my mom and dad were never officialy registered as a married couple shit got complicated. So 10 year old me sat in the district office watching my whole life slowly fall apart. That pretty much crushed my whole perception of love and just the world in general. About a year later I was diagnosed with depression. My mother brought me to a therapist because I would just randomly start crying every night. Therapist gave me some pills and I sat through quite a few sessions. I've stopped taking them for a while because I noticed no change except for the first few days I was on them or when I changed my medication. I'm still depressed and I don't know why. I've gotten over the stuff with my parents, I have decent grades, I have friends, but I also have this massive insecurity. I feel like my life right now is a lie. I feel like even though I think I have friends, they don't consider me friends or something like that. I'm insecure that my life is a lie, just like my parent's healthy relationship. But at least Reddit makes me happy. [info] None [info] 1462719647 [info] test
disenchantedguy [info] I was wondering if you guys could yelp me figure out what my moms deal is? I'm not really sure where to start...I'm in my 20's and I was diagnosed with depression over a year ago and didn't get much, if any support from my mom. I cut her out of my life after we had an argument and she said "You're confusing depression with laziness" earlier this year (there was a build up of other things, but that was the final straw) and I've been reflecting a lot on my childhood since. After reading posts here and talking to a few people I know for sure my childhood was anything but normal and I'm pretty sure I've been depressed since I was 11 or so.My parents split when I was 4, from what I've been told my dad was very violent and angry when he was younger and only really calmed down later in life so my mom and I got kicked out in the middle of the night and never went back.My mom took me everywhere and did loads of stuff with me when I was little as it was just us but things changed as I got older. I'd be looked after by my nan (who smoked around me constantly or took me to a pub where there were other people smoking constantly) and I was left to my own devices a lot of the time too, home alone. When I was 9 both my parents met new people and this is where things get crazy on my mom's side, my mom got pregnant, married and moved in with my new step dad very quickly, she moved my school which made me start to hate school, to the point where I got moved back to my old one again for the final year, but by then it was too late and it wasn't the same. In secondary school I got bullied a little bit in my first year, this time my mom's reaction was to go overboard and pull me out to homeschool me for a year, the absolute worst thing she could have done and a complete overreaction, she barely taught me anything and she was caught up in emigrating to Canada (never happened) at the time so funnily enough the little I did learn was about (or should I say aboot? 🙃) Canada... The rest of that homeschooled year was spent watching daytime TV with my step mom. After that any kind of education was just a write off for me, I got through secondary school just barely, sixth form? Drop out. College? Drop out. Uni? Drop out. My mom didn't support me through any of this, just kinda watched on as it happened and told me I need to do something with my life, get a job, stop being lazy etc. Never tried to figure out why I was so unmotivated and unhappy. I remember when I first started uni and I told her I was aiming for a first (which I was on my way to achieving) she laughed in my face.My step dad and I didn't get on at all, she wouldn't really step in when he shouted at me or stop him from doing it more and as a result was included with family stuff less and less through my teens as I either avoided it or wasn't invited. As a result I spent most of my time in my room by myself.There are all sorts of different crazy things my mom did though my teens and I don't want to think about and list every single thing right now so here are a few highlights:- Poisoned my relationship with my dad by telling me horrible things about him and always saying things like "you don't want to end up like your dad"- Insisted I called her a name under my breath in a super market once and punished me for it even though I said nothing.- Broke down crying saying she can't handle me and that I'm such a difficult child and that I say horrible things and put her down (when the opposite is true)- Came to me insisting one of my closest friends had stolen from her despite the fact she lets countless shady people into her house.- Shouted at me and told me to go away in the middle of a city I'd only been to once before when I was 14 or so then stomped off without me, frantically called me 20 minutes later saying I shouldn't have ran off.There are plenty of other things I can think of but I'd be here all day.The worst stuff has happened most recently. When I left home for uni I gave my oldest sister my old room so that she wouldn't have to share, I left my desk, laptop, bed, pretty much the whole room as it was for her to use. I was happy to do it at the time but I always had the expectations that my mom would buy her her own stuff, she didn't. When I asked for any of the stuff for my own place I got guilted into leaving it for my sister's sake.When I ended up dropping out of uni I had nowhere to stay, my mom only really spoke to me once a month if I was lucky and less most of the time at this point, just seemed to stop caring completely once I was gone. But I tried asking her if I could move back in anyway, she had said something along the lines of 'you'll always have a room here' and stupidly I'd believed her. I got a 'it wouldn't really be practical' answer back and so had to stay with friends. Over a year later things took another bad turn. I lost my job due to depression and had nowhere to go, this time she said I could move in and she'd turn the living room into a bedroom. I bought a single bed and mattress with what little money I had left and was ready to move in when she turned around and said 'you can stay but it can't be for long and you can't set a bed up, you have to sleep on a mattress on the floor and put it away in the day as I'm having guests over the Christmas period'.The last argument we had was where she said the worst stuff, I'd asked her for help with appointments and different letters I couldn't keep track of and money as it's all very overwhelming when I'm depressed but she told me I have to learn to take care of myself and that I'm confusing depression with laziness, when I called her out on it and said as someone who's studied mental health and also gone though it herself in the past she should be able to tell the difference she turned it all back on me played the victim and said I'm always horrible to her. After that I just blocked her on everything and stopped speaking to her, she's tried to talk to me a few times through my dad but still acts like she's done nothing wrong. Even wrote a status on Facebook about how 'heartbroken' she is that I've 'decided I'm better off without' her just to get a ton of sympathy messages from her friends, not once did she mention why I'm not talking to her.I just feel crazy sometimes and have to keep checking with other people that what I went through isn't the norm.I look at my step mom and step brother who are super close and call each other almost every day for a chat or just to check in and can't help but feel envious... my mom's never called me just for a chat or come and asked about my day or just checked of I'm feeling ok, not for a very very long time at least.Sorry for the wall of text and thank you if you've stuck through and read till the end.The tl;dr is, is my mom a narcissist? how do I get through to her and make her realise how she is towards me? Or should I just continue not letting her be a part of my life? Who do you go to for support of you can't rely on your family? [info] None [info] 1565101244 [info] test
evenstarauror [info] During my first year of college I was diagnosed with depression and wanted to quit school-ended up changing my major to something that would be "easier" and "make me happy" which was music (which I was passionate about).  I did graduate, but had absolutely no idea what I wanted to do to turn that into a job and there are hardly any jobs in that field anyway.  Felt completely crushed and yes, like I wasted my parents money and felt no feeling of accomplishment for it.  Went back to school for an associates degree in IT (am decent with computers and thought it would at least get me a foot in the door at literally any job that isn't retail) and still can't find a job so now I wasted my parents' money on one degree, my own on another, and still have no goals, no job prospects, and no idea what type of work I would actually enjoy and be good at!Don't be me.  Leave school and find a job that you don't hate while you work on getting better so that you at least are getting healthy and saving up some money for when you are able to figure out how you want to live. [info] None [info] 1494523038 [info] test
riplox [info] I was diagnosed with depression at 14 (I'm almost 26 now), but I can remember back farther than that to around when I was just starting kindergarten. Looking back on it, I was socially awkward and had depression at the age of 6. So essentially, I've had depression for as far back as I can remember. [info] None [info] 1319064900 [info] test
rapunzl129 [info] My husband works for a family business of less than 5 employees. I have my own small business. We pay for our own health insurance and receive no assistance for it. I was diagnosed with depression in 2005 and asthma in 2012. These 2 preexisting conditions prevented me from having health insurance before the affordable healthcare act. Since I've had health insurance again (got it in January 2014), I've been diagnosed with 3 additional conditions - all require regular doctor visits, blood work, and prescriptions. If the health care act gets repealed I'm afraid I'll lose my health insurance again and I have no idea how we'll pay out of pocket for my medical expenses.  [info] None [info] 1484536436 [info] test
zxinsanebloodxz [info] I'm gonna backpack off this post, and post here, so it's at least guaranteed you'll see it: Thank you for making me smile for (what feels like) 2 years now. I was diagnosed with depression a bit before I found you. Once I found you, I started smiling daily. You deserve every subscriber you have and more. Also, another note, your Minecraft online videos were some of your funniest videos you ever uploaded, so thank you for that, and everything you've done. Especially your NV mods.  [info] None [info] 1431519459 [info] test
Acrus_ [info] I agree, but the symptoms you listed above just aren’t the criteria, they are more examples of what someone might experience. they may be how you personally experienced this but I was diagnosed with depression but I do not meet the “criteria” you have made in your original post, I have not experienced most of the things you listed personally. I’m just saying that you implying that you need to have experienced all of that is just not completely true.  [info] None [info] 1553071328 [info] test
5thEditionFanboy [info] Not sure if my parents are emotionally abusive or not Title says it all, as far as questions. This isn't a "should I call the police" situation, I just want some input on whether their behavior is healthy and normal. My parents have always been very controlled, and I've always accepted that its somewhat normal, despite all of my friends parents being more lenient/forgiving/accepting, etc. A few years ago I was diagnosed with depression, and since then they have surveilled me near-constantly, in what I hope is a misguided attempt at helping me. They've forced me into many therapist appointments and hospital visits, even once calling the police (my father works for the department, so many of them are his friends) to force me to be institutionalized (unnecessarily, and without any positive outcome for me). They limit time on pretty much everything I do, don't let me keep a computer in my room, they shut down our internet after 10PM, and anything I "own", they claim to own, as its in their house, their reasoning has always been "If you're under 18, you have no rights other than to be fed and not physically abused". I came out as bisexual recently, and immediately upon learning, they demanded an immediate Skype conversation with my boyfriend where they asked him personal questions without any formal introduction, or even illusion of respect or care for him. They assured me that this was normal, and that they were just looking out for me, but I doubt it. Their homophobia has not only caused me to drift away from their religious and political views (which has resulted in many shouting matches with my father after I make a comment about ICE, capitalism, or any of many current political issues), but also has made me aggravated constantly, and in lieu of a healthy way of venting it (since they don't tolerate any steps out of line), its caused some relationships with my friends to become toxic, as well as essentially destroying my relationship with my boyfriend of almost a year (same one they terrorized almost 6 months ago). I've always assumed (or hoped, rather) that this was just "teenage angst" and "a phase" and all the shit they told me, but I don't know if I believe it anymore.Quick edit: if something isnt going my dad's way, he'll often call me "loser" "punk" "idiot", or accuse me of having a persecution complex, anything demeaning in regards to brainpower or intelligence/wisdom, just thought that might also be a tad relevant in someone's analysis [info] None [info] 1566449877 [info] test
Jiml0rd [info] This whole album is really personal to me and id like to share my story. I was diagnosed with depression around august of 2013 and i had no idea how to deal with it, then i found this album. I listened to it all the way through and i actually cried over how much this speaks to me. It didnt stop playing off of repeat for the rest of the day and whenever im feeling really alone or really depressed i listen to this album and and i start to feel myself again.  [info]  [info] 1391487062 [info] test
JiffyFrose [info] Oh God. Your mom sounds like she's from the generation where you "pretend it doesn't exist and it'll go away". Depression doesn't work like that. In fact, it gets worse if you ignore it. I'm sorry, but if you tried to commit suicide twice, and your mom still thinks that there's nothing wrong, she's really got her head in the sand. It's good that you went to therapy, even if it was for a few months. However, only going for a few months isn't enough to make a lot of progress. It sounds like you're having "crashes" as I call them. It's when you get so upset that you cry your eyes out and you lose control of yourself, to the point where you either cut yourself, or you have to worry about an attempt. I have has those before, and they're extremely scary.The fact that your mom is emotionally blackmailing you is disgusting. She sounds very emotionally abusive. Maybe it would benefit you to visit r/raisedbynarcissists It's good that you recognize that you need help, and it sucks that your mom is being a complete bitch about it (I'm sorry if this term offends you, but this really pisses me off). Physical illness is NOT a choice. Mental illness is NOT a choice. You know what is a choice? How you treat people. Your mom chooses to be a bitch. I can't believe that she would go above and beyond for her animals, but she couldn't give 2 shits about her kid. What kind of mother does that? I'm so grateful that my parents did their best to be supportive of me when I was diagnosed with depression.Also, you didn't self-diagnose yourself because you were diagnosed by a psychiatrist. Number 2, it may be true that you have nothing to be sad about, but depression is a brain disorder. You could be the richest person in the world, with the most wonderful spouse, children and have the most envied life, and you would still have depression. It sounds like yours is genetic rather than situational, which means that there ISN'T a reason to be sad, it's because your brain is telling you toHave you ever heard of [Kati Morton?](https://www.youtube.com/user/KatiMorton) She's a therapist with a Youtube channel and talks about ALL sorts of mental illnesses, and dealing with parents. I'm sorry if I offended you by calling your mom a "bitch" or a "narcissist" It's just that your story is so similar to mine in certain ways that I can see from your shoes. I can't imagine going through this without support and it upsets me that your mom isn't supportive. I really hope things change for the better. [info] None [info] 1476567528 [info] test
dantepicante [info] I don't know if I agree that he is a pathological liar, although obviously he has used many psyops techniques that I find somewhat dishonest (albeit benign) and has changed his stated positions to get ahead. I've also seen the media consistently lie about him in order to poison the population against him, though. That's how propaganda (or "public relations", as the father of propaganda Edward Bernays rebranded it) works: it elicits emotional responses from its viewers instead of logical ones. Clever folks have been studying the best ways to affect the majority of the population, and the techniques can be seen all over the mainstream news.  They've used our emotions against us and created illogical neural pathways from a young age that are hard to overcome later on in life as neuroplasticity decreases.I think part of why I'm finally aware of this shit is because I was diagnosed with depression and prescribed prozac last year, a drug that actually increases neuroplasticity. It has allowed me to step back and really consider the ways in which I form my opinions and the ways in which those processes can be manipulated. On that note, I highly recommend [this book from the CIA on the best way to analyze intel/the news](https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publications/books-and-monographs/psychology-of-intelligence-analysis/). It's available in its entirety for free at that link. [info] None [info] 1485197678 [info] test
medschoothrowaway [info] Thank you, those are good suggestions for things to do. I do most of that already but haven't tried bringing articles/presenting new guidelines. As far as the MSPE is concerned, fortunately my school shows what parts of the evals get put into the MSPE. Usually it's watered down to be more positive, so rather than getting "X student had a solid foundation in medical knowledge and was able to perform all tasks as required, but needs to be more proactive and speak up more" you'd get something like "X student has a solid foundation in medical knowledge and cooperated effectively on a team" or something like that. I think Program Directors for residencies know however that MSPEs tend to focus on the positives, so they probably focus on whatever important stuff is NOT praised in the letter. And yes, I have been diagnosed with depression and have been getting treated for a while, but while I've had some improvement it's not a magic bullet.  [info] None [info] 1548575410 [info] test
dudism_94 [info] What antidepressant worked for you, if you don't mind me asking? I have been diagnosed with depression for over a year and I think it's affecting my libido too. [info] 4 Days [info] 1575126972 [info] test
beezabubs [info] You have a good cry, and then you slowly heal and find another.I've lost my childhood best friend many times, but we always came back to each other. My high school best friend hurt me too much in her ignorance after I was diagnosed with depression, and having to end the friendship was honestly one of the most difficult things I've ever had to do.   [info] ♀ [info] 1502169498 [info] test
lynxwarden [info] Yeah, I was diagnosed with depression at age 11, I'm 20 now. When I was in high school I had a bad self harming problem, I'm 3 years clean from it but recently my NMum has been so fucking horrible that the temptation to fall off the wagon is strong. I don't have a way out and into a kinder space for a year and it's tough  [info] ACoN, Aspie [info] 1531095977 [info] test
K31FF3R2 [info] I was diagnosed with depression and adhd at 12. I essentially said “fuck off” grew up and experienced life, and picked up a few “coping strategies” or views on life and how I process the world and I totally agree. People think you are downplaying depression or other mental illness, but I don’t believe that. I even remember feeling alienated trying to open up to friends and they would tell me “dude you have nothing to be depressed about, it’s all in your head” but after a while I started to realize my best chance at beating this was to just believe that to be true.  This is where all the cliches come from:Mind over matter, the world is what you make it/how you see it, etc...I don’t know about you but I think anybody who agrees here does or should believe in the law of attraction. If you are unhappy, it’s because you think you are unhappy and acknowledge it. So just think you are happy and acknowledge that.  There are going to be rough times and sometimes you are going to feel down but there’s no reason to embrace these feelings or just kinda give in and feed them with bad thoughts or actions.   [info] None [info] 1542348766 [info] test
EzEXE [info] Yes, I have. Two actually. One was when I was still in my teens and I was diagnosed with depression, which I've come to realize is only a symptom of another issue. The last time I spoke to a Psychiatrist we talked about ADHD-I, or ADD [info] None [info] 1406314437 [info] test
skippyist [info] My older brother. My entire life he thought I was a whiny, over-reactive brat who constantly lied and blew everything out of proportion to get attention. I always thought he was a complete asshole who would torment me because he enjoyed seeing me emotionally suffer. Found out at age 20 that my parents chose to never tell him that I'm severely mentally ill. I was diagnosed with depression at age 10, psychosis at age 11, borderline personality disorder at age 18. I'm also a childhood trauma survivor. He had no idea. This entire time he thought I was just being a brat and would combat me, trying to get me to stop what he determined was intentional bad behavior. He had no idea that I was actually suffering and really did believe things were really bad when they weren't and really was feeling pain when he thought I was just making shit up, he had no idea that I was always telling the truth. I wrote him a really long letter explaining it all when I found out. Never got a reply. [info] None [info] 1547611977 [info] test
fizzywizz911 [info] My long distance Army boyfriend (M24) of 4 years is depressed and it's hurting our relationship. Lost and confused and any advice would be appreciated. (Long) Our relationship started off long distance with visits in between to us living together for a brief moment and back to long distance once he enlisted. For starters, long distance is hard. Super hard but we've managed to stay strong all these years by talking throughout the day. Ever since he joined the Army things have been different. It's not at all what he thought it would be like (Infantry) and is completely frustrated but still has 3 yrs of the contract left. He's expressed to me that he knows he's depressed but feels limited in his options. All of this has been affecting our already long distance relationship. He hardly reaches out, always sleeping, not eating, and generally quiet. I can sense the change in him even when we do talk and is just generally non-responsive. We don't see each other often and the one thing we do have is being able to talk to each other and now that's even gone. I talk to him roughly twice a week? And even then it feels like it's me forcing a conversation and tbh it feels shitty. I never really hear from him during the day. He finished bootcamp in April so all of this general has been since then. I've tried being patient and I understand he has long work days and his frustration but I feel like I'm hardly in his life anymore. I should mention his depression is what also caused him to move back home and us not continuing to live together that brief moment. I was a student but he hated the job he had and honestly, whether or not it was conscious, he slipped up and eventually got fired. Not having a job made him move back and during that entire period it was the same thing. We lived together but he was still..distant. Him abruptly leaving really did a toll on me and just seeing it happen again hurts.In terms of us being long distance, I just graduated college and have had to move back home and been job hunting like crazy for the last couple months.I've applied to jobs to where he's stationed at but the goal was for me start my career and if still far away, have the means to visit him more often. But now he talks about leaving the army and me looking for jobs for where he's at doesn't seem productive.  Being back home with my family has its own frustrations and honestly I'm struggling personally too. I've been diagnosed with depression in the past and am off medication now, but sometimes I feel myself slipping too. He's the one I always confided in but it feels like he's nowhere to be found and I have to hide my problems when we talk. I've told him all of this and that he needs to communicate w/ me more and that we were in this together and he just says sorry but nothing changes. I don't know how to help him anymore. He's made an appt. to talk to a professional but it's not for a while. Recently I got so frustrated I suggested we go separate ways but it felt harsh so I tried compromising to where during the week, I promised not get upset if I didn't hear from him but he owed me a "date night" on the weekend. I said that yesterday. It's currently 10 pm and I haven't heard from him all day and the more I think about the "deal", the more I resent it..Why can I only talk to him once a wk? What kind of relationship is this? What happens when I need him? TLDR: Long distance BF depressed, we hardly talk anymore, tried giving space and made him a deal that during the week he didn't have to reach out but on the weekends we'd have a date night. However the more I think about it, the more it makes me sad. Confused as to how to deal with all this. [info] None [info] 1565066561 [info] test
LegendaryLGD [info] This is a great connection.Lately, I've been thinking a lot about how my breathing &amp; digestion &amp; sleep &amp; sexual &amp; mental problems were all linked in more than just unidirectional ways.&amp;#x200B;I learned recently about the potential link between depression and inflammation. One day I got a major allergic reaction and while the shot I was administered calmed that down I was left with my current breathing problem: a chronic sinusitis, which means I have had an everlasting inflammation for years. I was diagnosed with depression around 4 years after that episode. Unrelated, I had a bad doctor that over-prescribed me antibiotics and after years of antibiotics abuse I assume my gut microbiome is shot, hence my digestive/stool problems, which seem unresponsive to probiotics. Add to that some PSSD and insomnia and you got yourself the healthiest human being!&amp;#x200B;So, the idea is that my allergy (sinusitis) causes my sleep problems (difficulty breathing, potential snoring, apnea, etc.) and due to the poor quality of life and also the inflammation itself, my depression is caused or exacerbated. Poor sleep due to breathing problems and depression are said to cause sexual problems. And now I'm learning of yet another potential connection between my sleep, digestive, and mental problems. This is such a sad cycle.&amp;#x200B;Fascinating how it's all related!&amp;#x200B;I've started taking around 10k IU of Vitamin D since apparently it helps against inflammation and maybe it's placebo but I feel like it helps. Maybe I should get on that probiotics/prebitiocs train and see if that does anything in doses higher than what I'd previously tried because apparently cheaper supplements are less 'dense' or whatever. My ophthalmologist (yes, just as small-talk not in any official capacity) mentioned they take melatonin to help their sleep and recommended I try it. This is even more reason to consider melatonin supplementation, if it could help with my gut situation.&amp;#x200B;My ARAS and gut microbiome being potentially shot, chronic inflammation, sleep problems, etc. the bidirectional pairs create a nice little web. [info] None [info] 1556455871 [info] test
steffisaurus [info] No, I'm not seeing anyone, but I onow i need to be.  How do I approach my PCP about this though?I was diagnosed with depression a long time ago and went off my medicine for it.  I know I need to get in to see someone because things have just gotten worse inside my head.  I appreciate the hug, it wasn't creepy.  Sometimes I just want someone to be there who doesn't just WANT something from me..  everyone always takes and I feel zapped from all my energy..  you took time out of your day to care about a stranger and that means more than you'll ever know. [info] None [info] 1528859414 [info] test
kippa2005 [info] I don't know what to do anymore I've got my life in check finally, I've got a steady job, easy life, I don't have any reason to still be feeling like this. It's been three years since I was diagnosed with depression. But right now I just want to cry, nothing brought this on, I have no reason to be upset but I am. I can't stop myself.What do I do to stop this. [info] None [info] 1419036759 [info] test
DragonFox27 [info] If you need to chat, I'm always just a PM away. Could even give you my number if you need it. I've been diagnosed with depression and I know how worthless it can make someone feel. [info] None [info] 1465037701 [info] test
ShadowPhoenix951 [info] Well, here's where you start. Don't think about your ex. Thinking about her, no matter the context, will only drag you down. Whenever you find yourself thinking of your ex, try to think of something else (for example, when I was getting over her, if I was thinking of my ex, I would stop what I was doing, and just pour all of my energy into studying for school then and there). I know it's not the best advice, but just forgetting about her and moving on is the first step. Once you've started to put the past behind you, what you need to work on is trust development. I don't know you, so I can't say very well, but you may have had issues trusting her because you have an inability to trust yourself. So, what you need to do, is try to not think about future actions of people around you, and only focus on your own actions. Think of your future actions, set small goals for yourself, and focus on achieving them. The more you find yourself able to achieve your own goals, the more you will learn to trust yourself. And if you are able to trust yourself, you'll be able to better trust those around you. And once you develop it, never lose that trust you have in yourself. If you're honest and trust yourself, then regardless of how others act, you'll be able to keep it up, knowing how great you are. I know this isn't much, but if you want to ask more specific things, don't be afraid to, or PM me. I was diagnosed with depression, and went through many of the same things you did. I believe we're also roughly the same age, so I understand your context. So I'm willing to help as best I can; all you need do is ask.  [info] None [info] 1321248183 [info] test
FuddGubbler [info] I think the biggest thing that I realized once I was diagnosed with depression is learning how to deal with sadness. Last year, I used to dread feeling sadness and loneliness. I would pity myself, hate people around me, and be able to do nothing but potato around and wait for something to change. Now, I view sadness as a perspective change. I don't see it is as bad necessarily, I just take it as my mind shifting gears so that I can see the world and the people around me in a different way. I take the annoyance and hate I feel towards people and use it to analyze them in a different and usually more perceptive way than if I were happy. It's the same idea of crying - some people view is as bad, and scary. I like crying because it's cathartic, and slows me and my brain down. It allows me indulge in the darkness of my emotions and brain. Overall, depression really does suck, but having it has given me a very different mentality and forced me to take a closer look at what I have and how I think - something that not a lot of other people do.  [info] None [info] 1482703353 [info] test
SaulGoodmanJD [info] My gastro has recently started working with and referring 'qualified' patients to a psychiatrist who specializes in eating disorders. It has been very helpful since I was diagnosed with depression not too long ago. I hope all gastroenterologists (and physicians in general) are as proactive as mine is. I am grateful to have such a great physician taking care of me.  [info] None [info] 1458780517 [info] test
Mazlon626 [info] There’s a girl I love so so much I’m not in a relationship with her, I only talk to her from times to times, but goddamn I wish I could say she’s my girlfriend. I’ve never met such an amazing girl, the way she talks about what she loves, how she’s always so passionate about everything, even just the way she smiles, to me she’s perfect. Chatting with her makes me really nervous, but spending time by her side makes it really worth it.Now, the problem is, I’m really scared I might end up screwing up things and destroying all my chances with her. I have been diagnosed with depression, I’m also on medication, my self-esteem is already really low, so I’m terrified at the possibility of falling even deeper due to the possible failure at building a relationship with this girl. I know it’s not exactly the right sub to ask for advice, but I think hearing what you guys think about my situation might help me. [info] None [info] 1574439194 [info] test
shawnshine [info] Just n=1 personal experience. It’s not at all my place to guess, since I’m not a psychologist or a psychiatrist. But in my own life-- when I ceased enjoying many of my favorite things, I was diagnosed with depression soon after. So if you feel as if you are no longer experiencing pleasure from the things that you ought to, then it may be depression. [info] None [info] 1508705143 [info] test
CanMormNoMore [info] Went through a decade later. Did not. However, I was exposed to the pre-1990 endowment as a missionary and had a member tell me "_Dont worry, nothing has changed. The covenants and penalties bare still there_". I'm embarrassed that I took that piece of information and just went on my way like everything was OK. In retrospect, when I was diagnosed with depression a few months later, I wonder if that (and being physically attacked by a ZL in front of the kid I was training) contributed to that spiral into a dark place? [info] None [info] 1547164945 [info] test
UmiFish [info] I'm diagnosed with depression, I never had a loving non toxic relationship but I can tell you that having someone by your side is important to me, when I'll go into depression-like state I useally push people away from me, even when I wished they would stay. Having someone fighting you for staying near you at those moments is really helpful. Moreover when depression hits, I lose all motivation , I get confused and I don't know what I want or feel, if he's at that point I think giving him motivation to move forward is keyWhen I'm depressed, I can't manage asking for help, even if I want to. If he experience similar things , you shouldn't ask him if he's ok when he is clearly not, you should try to understand what happend and help him, you need to initiate.Being in a relationship with someone who suffer from mental illness means practically sharing Thier pain, that's probably the reason why people avoid these kind of relationship. If you love him and seeing him smiling is worth it, keep being there for him, even if it's though. Telling him that's your are going through all of this because you love him and want him to be happy will probably motivate him to better himself and make you happy aswell [info] None [info] 1554215597 [info] test
jewdai [info] Yes and then I was diagnosed with depression. fortunately, after getting treatment I just talked to my doctor about getting off of meds in two months :D [info] Textbook ENTP [info] 1431827658 [info] test
Glaivekids [info] I didn't realise how much I believed this until I was diagnosed with depression. You mean, heathens aren't always empty and tired? [info] None [info] 1530553396 [info] test
MrDoe [info] Depression isn't set in stone. I'm diagnosed with depression and yet I don't really relate to any of the pictures.  [info] None [info] 1351943508 [info] test
Uncreative_Generator [info] I have been diagnosed with depression. I started Prozac but it hasn't been helping a ton. [info] None [info] 1556427044 [info] test
downfallndirtydeeds [info] That I was diagnosed with depression. Honestly my parents are two of the most selfless, loving and dedicated parents I've ever seen. I had the best childhood in the world. They'll blame themselves and that would be so unfair and wrong. Just thinking of a policeman turning up on my mum's doorstep has stopped me doing so many things.  [info] None [info] 1409478380 [info] test
Libertatem_aequitas [info] Thanks for reading and keeping an open mind. I wouldn't have any problem with the mental health system if it wasn't for the involuntary part. From my perspective the involuntary aspect of psychiatry/mental health is made possible by the idea that mental illness is a tangible thing that you either have or you don't and if an "expert" determines that you have it but you don't accept that, then you are viewed as being in denial. That denial is what allows for someone to remove your agency and take over the decision making for your treatment. The thought process is that this illness or malady in your brain is preventing you from realizing what you need. This is what allows professionals to determine that you are a danger to yourself even if you tell them you aren't. The most concrete example of this is when I was in the hospital before my hearing to determine if I could be released or would be held longer. I saw an "independent evaluator" who asked me three questions. Are you having suicidal thoughts? Are you having homicidal thoughts? Are you having hallucinations? I answered no to all three. That was the entire evaluation. Her recommendation was that I be held for further treatment. There was no factual evidence there to support her recommendation.  It was this idea that she is an expert on mental illness and I am not and she can see something there that I can't. ABOUT MYSELF! So even in a voluntary situation where a person isn't advocating for anything their account can strengthen this belief in my opinion. Say their account is something like, "I was diagnosed with depression and COULDN'T even get out of bed. My psychiatrist put me on antidepressants and now I can. If I stop taking them, I will get worse." That lends support to the idea that mental illness is a tangible thing outside of yourself that controls you (CAN'T get out of bed) and requires external intervention to remedy. I don't want to take that remedy away from people as I think it can be effective, but I think their wording supports a certain view of mental illness or omits other explanations. For example, I get somewhat frequent headaches usually brought on by excess stress or dehydration.  The solution is to mitigate my stress or take time to deal with it or to drink more water or take breaks from exerting myself physically. These are things in my control that I can do to get the desired outcome. When I don't do them I might take an NSAID to help with the pain. That doesn't mean I have a disease where I need to take a certain medication to stave it off. The root problem isn't inflammation. I didn't drink enough water. But the aspirin gives me relief and helps me function better until the root cause is addressed. It also doesn't mean that I have a headache inside of me all the time that has to be constantly suppressed. I don't mean to blame people with different experiences than I've had. I also don't pretend to know everything there is to know about other people's situations. I just know from my experiences that every time someone shares a "status quo" mental health story it strengthens this belief that anyone with a diagnosis has some external force acting against them that has to be remedied with an external intervention and the strengthening of this belief greases the wheels of a system that removes people's agency. I've had my agency removed and it was extremely damaging. Life changing in a very negative way. I think that's a hard idea to get across. To be told by someone who/what/how you are without them being able or required to give any real proof when you know they are wrong. And then almost everyone else accepting their account of the situation and rejecting yours because you supposedly have this invisible and unprovable external force acting on you that doesn't allow you to know your own self.By the way for anyone reading this who is angered by it, please don't be. It's just my opinion. I want a system that works for everyone. Just not sure if that's possible. Everyone (diagnosed or not) experiences some form of suffering at different points in their life, and for anyone who is suffering I hope you get through it with whatever works for you.  [info] None [info] 1526822206 [info] test
nadjaproblem [info] I was diagnosed with depression when I was pretty young and have had to deal with it almost all my life. It's almost like it becomes your identity. I was comfortable with it after a while too and honestly when I get into depressive episodes even now it feels almost like where I'm supposed to be because it was how I was constantly for so long. It's like happiness becomes this weird thing and it almost feels like it's something that you aren't even supposed to have. You end up comfortable with your sadness  when it's been part of you for so long and being any other way is like stepping out of that comfort zone. You gotta try to remember that depression isn't your main identity ya know? It's hard to get out of but ya gotta try. I still have to work at it day by day and gradually it gets easier! The more you work on it the happier you will be and it'll all be wayyyy better on the end. It's easy to be depressed and hide from the world and all that, the hard part is stepping out of that mindset. Once you finally do and you keep working at it things will feel much more comfortable and you'll be able to find more of yourself and it'll be awesome.  [info] None [info] 1545640916 [info] test
RipSteel [info] Before anyone freaks out, YES that puppy is too young to be away from Mom. He is with Mom until August when I pick him up. I was diagnosed with depression and decided to get a dog. I went with a Boston because I love my parents dog. This is my first Boston. Any Advice?  [info] None [info] 1468196505 [info] test
JaneLane87 [info] Pregnancy and depression....what coping skills has help you most? I was diagnosed with depression years ago. This is my third pregnancy and its the first one where I was actually being treated for my depression. I have since stopped my meds which came at a time i felt i was ready. But this all day sickness aka morning sickness is way worse this pregnancy compared to my other two. I go to my doc on the 9th but i wanted to hear some moms who deal with depression in general and how you coped through your pregnancy. Im 8 weeks and i finally admitted I’m feeling depressed.  So I’m just looking for support or encouragement that it will get better from moms who have been here before. [info] None [info] 1562201838 [info] test
whiggie [info] you can be an edgy teenager and also be depressed. I've been diagnosed with depression but I'm only 17, I know that in a few years I will be fine and that it is just my own body and mind fucking with me right now but that doesn't make it any less real. [info] None [info] 1391643403 [info] test
northfacing [info] Anyone have experience with this? Telling family, and then getting calls multiple times a day to check on you? I am in my late twenties, and live alone in a different city from my parents. I told them I was diagnosed with depression, and that I was working on treatments with my doctors. Since then I have been getting a "how are you feeling?" every morning.. and a phone call every evening.Don't get me wrong, I appreciate and understand their concern, and I know it comes from a place of love and support.. but I'm depressed.. I can hardly function, and the last thing I want is to be reminded of it twice a day. Additionally, I don't feel like talking to anyone, so I definitely don't want to have a phone conversation about my depression after work each day. It makes me feel guilty when I ignore the call, and on top of that, the next day I get told "we were worried about you, and you didn't call us back."It just makes me feel worse.Anyone have experience with this? [info] None [info] 1426263550 [info] test
MaybeILoveYou [info] I've been there.  I was diagnosed with depression, but the depression wasn't going away and my moods were swinging so much that it turned out I had Borderline Personality Disorder.  Years and therapy later, I'm so much better.  Oh, and Schizoaffective Disorder, which adds colour to my life.  I'll be on meds forever and I'm okay with that.  We've survived so much; it would be a waste to leave now.  And trust me, it does get better.  My meds help me so much.  I'm so happy and my life is great.  It's worth it to stick it out. [info] None [info] 1388187119 [info] test
redraven_adamw [info] My depression story. I am a 27 year old male with chronic depression. This is my story so far. Growing up not remembering anything before I was 6 or 7. This was also the time my parents got divorced. I have very few snippets of my biological father. I was told he was very abusive to my mom.My mom got remarried a year later to my step-dad. He had 2 children of his own, both male. One was 4 years older and the other 8 years older. Got bullied by the youngest most of my life. The older one and I just never got close.In elementary school I was diagnosed with ADD. Never had friends. And got bullied. I tried to make friends, but I always felt like an outcast. I eventually made a friend in 5th grade. But he went to another school in middle school. So I lost contact with him.In middle school same thing pretty much same thing has happened. I tried to make friends to no avail. I started to swim and play football to make friends, while I was great at both I still felt like an outcast.  Got bullied in school and felt like an outcast once again. Wasn't until the end of 8th grade, we where assigned to do a group movie. We where able to pick your peers for your groups. I didn't know what to do and eventually all the "weird" kids formed a group. One of the kids  invited me to come play AOE2 at his house. His two friends and I played for 8 hours straight on one game . Turned out to be best time of my life. Later they became my best friends.High school came around I decided to play on the football team and the swim team. I had to pick one of the two because I was great at both, but the issue was that they ran on similar seasons. I picked swimming because it was the better fit because for the life of me I couldn't catch a ball. But I was one of most athletic on the team. I evetually went to state sophomore year and junior year. Fast forward to senior year is where my depression started to kick in. A swim coach from one of the top architecture schools took interest in me came to my swim meet but this was the time I blew up and quit out of the blue and never showed up. I was just overwhelmed at the time because I still felt like an out cast and never befriend anyone on my swim team. On top of that my parents where always working and rarely ever supported me at events. While other parents always congratulated me. It took a hard toll on my life. This was the time I was diagnosed with depression. My step-uncle was a doctor knew I was depressed before I was even diagnosed. My parents both born in Poland never believed in depression. I was given lexapro for about 6 months and saw progress. My parents saw this progress and told me to stop taking the medication because I was happy again. I was naive at the time and didn't know what depression was.I still ended up going to the architecture school even though I didn't join their swim team. Same thing happened and felt like an out cast never made friends. Still had those 3 friends from the end of middle school though. Grades slowly started to go down not because I didn't have potential which I did, but because I started to stop trying and slowly stopped doing assignments and started to miss classes. In the mean time I had a girlfriend but was too ashamed to tell her what I was going through and that I had depression. My parents finally found out that I dropped out of school the same week my step uncle died (I was really close to him) and at the same time I found out my GF cheated on me. Lost 10 pounds the next 2 weeks. I started to get treatment for my depression finally but my parents still thought I was making excuses and being lazy. I was seeing a therapist and started to take medication. Started to get better and wanted to go back to school. I did and again same thing happened started out great then started to slip once again into depression. While this was happening both my best friends ended up moving away due to the military and my 3rd friend ended up ghosting all of us.Parents had enough and told me to get a job even though I was working as a pizza delivery guy they said a real job. I got a job as cnc machine operator. Was easy for me but stress induced because I was learning to code by hand and if I made a mistake it would be on my head. I was learning to program on master cam on the sidelines. But again I got overwhelmed I just quit. Decided to go to a community college took 12 credit hours was a straight A student then again I just quit. At this point I started to notice a pattern of depression and normal every 4-6 months or so maybe more .Went to TMS therapy didn't work.Went to outpatient therapy to further understand and what to do. After 2 months my parents told me to get a full time job I told them I could barly handle a part time job. Ended up working full time after 2 months again I quit due to being overwhelmed. In order to cover the fact I quit I still drove to my former job and sat in the parking lot for my "shift" so my parents wouldn't find out. They evetually did.This when I was bed ridden for 3 months just got up to eat and shit. Was suicidal and eventually agreed to go to inpatient because my mom didn't know what to do. My step dad didn't give a shit. After inpatient then outpatient I started keto therapy.  Thought  it worked and started to take it once a month after the initial 6 doses. Things where looking up. Went out of state to a private program for 6 months to work on my self.Life was looking good. Had a few slips here and there but I got out of it in a week . I called it progress.Got out came back home things where great. But life hit me hard. My last friend moved due to college.  I did move out to get away from my toxic step dad. Got a job at ups but again things started to slip and I quit.Now present day my mom wants to help me. I refuse because I am tired of trying. I lost all my friends and can't make new ones unless it's in a closed environment like the program I went to. But that's not real life. I fully understand I am not fit to have a GF. At this point in my life I see no point in wanting anything because it eventually goes to shit so why try. I stopped talking to people because I don't see the point. I just make enough for food and rent. Don't see the point In making more. My hygiene is shit because again if I am staying inside all day and no point on impressing others when try. Only good thing is I am not suicidal. Just because I know it would break my mom's heart. Even though it already feels like I am breaking heart for being the way that I am. I just fully accept that I will be miserable for the rest of my life, I can't enjoy anything anymore. I am done trying. [info] None [info] 1578962239 [info] test
foxes722 [info] I think like this... "hey I really want to talk to you about something significant that's been going on with me. I started talking to a therapist since I was struggling with stuff and feeling overwhelmed. I've been diagnosed with depression, something that was also probably affecting me in the end of our relationship. I felt like it was important for you to know this is something I'm working on now, because I know this was something that impacted you as well."And I think let her know you're okay answering questions about it (if you are) and let her know she doesn't really need to say anything about it either if she doesn't want to, that the information is there for what it's worth.Also I think talking about any mental health stuff in an open and honest way is awesome and sort of breaking down some of the crappy stigma stuff associated. I try to do this as much as possible.Best of luck! [info] None [info] 1442502015 [info] test
juststabmealready [info] He's not depressed. He's literally just lazy. We had him see a therapist after I was diagnosed with depression because my parents were worried about him too. He is extremely dyslexic however which explains why he struggles in school a lot more than most. That we can understand but we don't like that he doesn't bother to study at all. He doesn't let us pay for his tutoring because he genuinely thinks he can get by on his own when that has never been the case. The only reason he graduated from high school is because my friends and I had to help him cheat through every final he's taken. [info] 18 [info] 1562825384 [info] test
confusedsmol [info] Happy New Years! Do you have a New Years resolution? Hello everyone, it’s officially 2019. Do you guys have any New Years resolutions? I have a few, it’s not something outrageous so it’s something still within reach. 2019 has just begun and I believe it’s time to be a new me. I want to change and change for the better.This year my resolution is to be more positive. In 2016 I was diagnosed with depression and things have just been really hard. I know I can’t just flip a switch or drink a potion for it to stop, however what I can do is challenge my mindset and ways of thinking. 2019 is my year to take back my life, gain confidence, and really just strengthen myself both mentally and physically.Regardless of whether you have a New Years resolution or not I wish you all the best. Be you, be true, be happy. Also don’t forget to be fabulous ☆〜（ゝ。∂） [info] None [info] 1546403970 [info] test
chancegiven [info] I was diagnosed with depression in the 7th grade but I had the symptoms of it for years. I had suicidal thoughts in the 4th grade. I hate being depressed, and I hate seeing people who do it just because its quirky and they want attention and they can do whatever they want and you can't say anything because they're 'depressed'. [info] None [info] 1568602734 [info] test
positiivikko [info] If my other comment didn't make it clear already, I definitely believe therapy is the right way to go for most of us. However, finding the right therapist *for you* can be very difficult. But don't give up even if it doesn't happen right away. Knowing that dissociation is what you need help for already helps; I was diagnosed with depression for most of my life and never got the right kind of help because none of my previous therapists realized what was really going on, and neither did I. It's been a life changer when I finally accepted my dissociation and was able to start seeking the "right" kind of help for it (obviously "right" is subjective).The other thing that I'm learning personally is that your friends don't really need to have had the same experiences to be able to offer support. If they're good friends, they'll try to understand what you are going through, and even if they can't, they'll still support you. However, it is also important to find people who have had similar experiences, and I suppose you just have found a bunch of us. If I may ask, what makes you most concerned and scared? Is it just the realization of how extensive your dissociation is, and the realization that you have not realized it before? (Well that's an awkward sentence... I blame morning brain). Personally it was incredibly devastating for me to realize I have dissociated most my life "away" (I'm sure it's still somewhere there), that I've lived most my life in a bubble that isn't very tightly connected to this reality. Still is. [info] None [info] 1536131541 [info] test
corpse_flour [info] I was diagnosed with depression 26 years ago. It was about 10 years ago a psychiatrist told me it is dysthymia. Looking back, I can see I was like this even as a child. Nowadays, a kid might have a chance that someone will notice something is wrong and get them help. I was just called a moody and difficult kid/teen. [info] None [info] 1566152344 [info] test
mylifeisanocean [info] one day of several feeling depressed. Watching "veronica decides to die" Been NC since last august. Ok, my Nmom did visit me twice just to see her grandson.Now depressed..again, been for 10 years.Has anyone seen the movie "veronica decides to die"? Watching it now. I feel jealous. Jealous that she had the meds to try suicide. And especially jealous that in the movie she has such loving parents who would put her into a good hospital and visited her.My dad visited me once when I was diagnosed with depression to cheer me up. He took me to a cafeteria and we had a walk in the city. That was 11 years ago. Nmom has never showed me any feelings. [info] None [info] 1467226305 [info] test
blanktextbox [info] Yeah. I was diagnosed with depression, later dysthymia, but the psychologist acknowledged that it was very atypical, meeting only one symptom if you don't count attempting suicide. Wasn't willing to agree that I shouldn't have the diagnosis, though.  [info] None [info] 1495761559 [info] test
letsdocrack [info] I agree with you. I used to truly not give a single fuck about what other people thought. However last year when I was diagnosed with depression, I found one of the main reasons I was caught in my downward spiral was because I started to care about what people thought again. I don't know why I just cared again. Not giving a shit about others' thoughts of me is my main obstacle to happiness and success in life. I don't know why I started to stop caring in the first place, and I don't know why I started to care again over the past 2 years.It's dumb. I know it's dumb. I know I shouldn't give a shit but for some reason the thoughts creep into the back of my mind. Lifting does't even help with it anymore. Is this learned helplessness? [info] None [info] 1456255050 [info] test
dnageiw [info] My date is a bit further off than you ladies, but a lot of times I find myself not necessarily down about the wedding, but more so stressing about things like, "will I be in good shape and fit enough by my wedding day that I won't hate every photo?" or, "will I be a good wife?"  I think a lot of it lately has to do with winter and the crappy, dark all the time, miserably cold weather, but I've been diagnosed with depression before and while I've gotten the OK to stop medication and cope with it on my own, it does creep back every once in awhile. All I wanted to do yesterday at about 3 p.m. was crawl into bed and have my day be over. I'm not really sure if my rambling has helped at all, but I just wanted to know you're not alone! &lt;3 [info] iowa bride | indiana wedding | 10.7.16 [info] 1452407653 [info] test
Dogeek [info] I don't think this is BD related, but is there a correlation between the time required to ejaculate, and depression? So, I've been diagnosed with depression last September, and I've always had trouble to cum, even by myself I'd easily last 45-90 minutes. When I started taking my medicine for my depression (escitalopram aka seroplex) I began to last even longer, which was very annoying. Now, I've stopped taking my medication as I don't feel I need it anymore, I'm not happy per se, but I don't wanna kill myself every day. The thing I've noticed though, is that I'm much quicker on the trigger, I lasted only a few seconds inside a woman last night (the whole ordeal took around 30 minutes, as I love foreplay, and we even did some outercourse which was quite stimulating), therefore I'm wondering if there's indeed a correlation between my now premature ejaculation and depression?I have a theory that could corroborate this hypothesis. Given that depression inhibits serotonin and dopamin production, and that serotonin I think is part of the equation to trigger ejaculation, there might be a link. And for the medication that slowed me down even more, the escitalopram, maybe it triggers unnatural increased serotonin levels, up to a cap that the body has trouble going over to trigger ejaculation? I don't really know, and I'd love to hear your thoughts. [info] BPEL : 7.5" x 6.7" (19cm x 17cm) BPFL : 4.72" [info] 1494064583 [info] test
Genshed [info] When did I say anti-Semitic bullshit? Citation needed.My point was that I'm *not* a radical, and yet I have criticisms of JBP. Maybe it's partly because he and I are almost the same age, so I've lived through the same history he has but see it very differently.Full disclosure: I have been diagnosed with depression (like JBP) and, as a history major in college I didn't take any maths classes. Now that I'm retired, I want to expand my intellectual horizon by learning new things. It is revealing that you equate mental illness with a lack of success and a desire to learn with stupidity. [info] None [info] 1555100478 [info] test
mindyourownbusiness3 [info] I was diagnosed with depression about age 11. Was on medication for the majority of my adolescents. When I realized I didn't want to be on medication anymore, I weened myself off and started training for the military. A couple of years later, after being completely honest with my recruiter, I enlisted and was shipped of to basic training. 6 1/2 years later, I have a small collection of guns, and am still in the military. Now would it exclude you from certain jobs like intel and spec ops? Yeah. But there are plenty of other jobs out there. Talk to a recruiter about it. It also depends on the climate of the military. We just had a huge draw down, and are now trying to build back up, so they might be more willing to let you in. PM me if you have any questions.  [info] None [info] 1495302540 [info] test
Rydakule [info] I was diagnosed with depression and severe sleep apnoea at my highest weight (135kg) a few years after losing a family member. I had been overweight since high school and a lot of my constant weight gain had stemmed from a shitty childhood and a history of alcoholism and recreational substance abuse (pretty much weed and pills). After I lost my younger brother, I spiralled out of control and put on heaps of weight and would barely leave the house despite being a year into my PhD. My supervisor was the first one to realise my absence and I decided I would try and do something about it.I saw a psychologist and vented out my history which did lift a huge weight off my chest. She was pretty much overwhelmed with the sheer amount of baggage I’d dumped on her and decided to focus on one thing we could fix, and booked me into a nearby sleep clinic. I went for my sleep study, was diagnosed but it didn’t lead anywhere for months because all of the sleep technicians that read the results had all been charged for embezzlement or some shit. It was bizarre, but it basically meant there was going to be no progress for months.I kept going with my shitty lifestyle and for a month after my sleep study nothing had changed. I then decided that I needed to take action or I was going to eventually die in my sleep or die from obesity. I started counting my calories and walking every day. Exercise and diet was something I’d tried many times before and it was never something I could stick to long term. So I started out slow by walking 30 mins a day and eating around 1700-1500 calories a day. I dropped like 9 kg in 2-3 weeks. This made a huge impact on my mental health but I was constantly in danger of slipping back into my depression and I needed a way out of that. That’s when I found Taoism. I’ve always been a huge Bruce Lee fan and I’ve had a copy of his Tao of Jeet Kune Do on my bookshelf. One day I opened it up looking for stretches and exercises when I noticed the Taoist priest and the poem on the first page. I delved further into investigating Taoism and now I’m here. The Tao helped me to focus on life one day at a time and to leave my past behind me. It helped me to regulate my mood and it helps me to moderate my urges. I still fail daily, but when I fall down I centre myself in the present and begin again. Taoism didn’t help me to conquer my problem with food, CICO and regular exercise did that. I’m now 30kg down and feeling fantastic. Also, I did eventually get my sleep study results and now have my own cpap machine which has made a huge difference as well. However, Taoism did help me with my mental health which I think was the more important, underlying reason for why my lifestyle was so poor. So, I wouldn’t claim that Taoism is a good way to fix your eating disorder. However, I feel like Taoist philosophy can help you to improve your life in general and the effects of this may improve your relationship with food. I wouldn’t rely solely on Taoism to do this. Instead, take the necessary steps to fixing your problem and use Taoism to frame those things within the greater context of your life. Don’t be afraid to seek help. Whether it’s a psychologist, a nutritionist, a personal trainer, whatever. Take the steps to change your situation and let the Tao take care of the rest. Hope this helps. Good luck on your journey. [info] None [info] 1554860450 [info] test
druggedmonkey [info] Borderline and dialectic behavioural therapy I was diagnosed with depression and borderline, and had tried a lot of therapies but 2 weeks ago I have started the DBT.So does anyone else has experience with the DBT?- Has it helped you a lot?- Do you still have effect from it even after the therapy?- Do you have some more tips in general to make it more effecient?- How long have you followed the therpay before it really showed results?Thanks in advance!Need more information or don't want to post on here directly, pm me! [info] None [info] 1514034876 [info] test
OisinKaliszewski [info] Yeah I never really had emotions then. I was just bored with everything. After 4 years I was diagnosed with depression so I guess it stems from there. Essentially I'm just mentally ill. [info] None [info] 1427257183 [info] test
Wadls218 [info] That's actually my "friend", I said once that I was diagnosed with depression (I actually am, I'm getting the help so that's rad), and he went of on this whole tangent about having cuts on his arms and being like "YoU'Re nOT dEpREssed, YoU dOn'T cUt Yourself", it was just really fucking stupid. He isn't depressed btw, he actually lies about everything and ego problems. [info] None [info] 1556076117 [info] test
Lawbrosteve [info] That's true xD. But from knowing people that have been very privileged, you can buy temporary happiness, but that will ultimately fail you. I've met a lot of rich guys and girls whose only concern was when to get their new phone and they were some of the most miserable people I've met. Creating drama to get any sort of attention, a completely broken moral compass. They were mainly a mess and even when I was diagnosed with depression i could say I was happier than them [info] None [info] 1565745989 [info] test
iamaatc [info] Struggling with NC; feeling alone and isolated, need support please Hi everyone, A little over a month ago I finally had enough and went NC with my Nmom.  I still think it was the right decision, as once I learned about BPD I realized just how unhealthy our relationship was and that it probably wasn't going to get better no matter what I did.  (Full, long story [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/parentlessbychoice/comments/2w0vtd/just_went_nc_in_need_of_support_please_long_story/).)  That being said, I still wanted to maintain contact with my Ndad, however talking to him has basically become a guilt trip about why I should talk to my Nmom, and tonight when I talked to him I said "I love you" at the end of our conversation and he didn't say it back.  That one really hurt.  I feel like I am putting my foot down with my mom for the first time in my life and now my dad is siding with her and I feel like I'm probably going to end up shunned like the rest of our family that I never really saw growing up because they were on Nmom's shit list.  Anyway, if that is the case then it obviously just proves to me that I am making the right decision.  However, what I am struggling with is feeling family-less.  I feel very alone.  I also find myself mourning over the loss of my mom, remembering the times she was really great and wondering if I am not just overreacting and if things were really that bad.  Then I realize I am just forgetting all the bad stuff and try to remind myself of that and then I feel like I am mourning the relationship we could have had, or could be having.  I've been feeling very depressed, I was diagnosed with depression a couple years ago when I first started going to see the counselor at my college and its been really bad since I went NC.  I have a couple people I consider good friends that I can talk to but they can't be around all the time, they have their own lives to worry about.  And I haven't been in a romantic relationship in over two years now, so basically I'm alone a lot when I'm not at work.  Also, this is all hitting at the same time as me deciding I hate my "successful" career and deciding at 26 to go back to school (working full time as college kitchen staff to get free tuition and taking 1-2 classes a semester) and feeling like I'm doing the right thing by choosing to not do a job I don't enjoy for the rest of my life, but combined with feeling very depressed right now I feel like an utter failure when I think about how much work I put into getting my degree and the huge student loan debt I have to deal with for the rest of my life now because of it and now I'm not using it.  TL;DR I went NC with Nmom and feeling depressed and family-less; I feel alone, unloved, and like I've totally fucked up my life.  I need an internet hug.EDIT:  Thanks everyone for your replies.  I really appreciate all the great people in this support group. [info] None [info] 1425351357 [info] test
Aergath [info] I don't use it to cure depression it's juste a great side effect I noticed. But even though I did it's nice to have something to pull you out of the darkness.  I've been diagnosed with depression for a few years now and I do my best to have a schedule, a nice balanced diet and so on... But sometimes the chemicals in your brain don't care if you do all this and still tell mess with you.  [info] None [info] 1480086473 [info] test
notathrowawaynr167 [info] Are u feeling sad for longer than 14 days now? In this case, maybe visit a doctor or do an online test to check for a depression. I felt the same way as you do and I was diagnosed with depressions later. [info] None [info] 1542678680 [info] test
